I found absolutely everything right about this short story.
As much as I almost wish it was a full length book, Bella Andre was able to accomplish everything a love story needs.
A perfect man, meets a perfect woman, they are perfect for each other and the rest is history, as they say.
I do hope we see more Sullivan stories for both Mia and Rafe.
4.5 StarsI, like most romance readers, am a sucker for Bella Andre's Sullivan series and if you haven't read it what are you waiting for?
So, when I saw a notice on Facebook that this book had released and it "co-starred" two of the Seattle Sullivan's I was all over it.
While I'm sad the California atruegemawardSullivan series is coming to an end, I can't help but be excited about finding out more about their Seattle cousins because the reside in one of my favorite cities and I can ONLY imagine the adventures they can take in that area.
I mean mountains, ferry rides, Pike market, orca watching in the San Juan Islands, dining at Iver's, visiting the sites from Northern Exposure and Twin Peaks.... okay... so off topic but damn, I love that area!
One Perfect Night begins in Lake Tahoe but wraps up in Seattle.
This is a novella, but it's packed with everything I love about Bella's books; a chance meeting, instant attraction, desire, and some hot, sexy fun!
Noah and Colbie meet when he rescues her after she face plants in the snow while attempting to ski.
They send the day together where he helps her with her skiing and they get to know a little about each other.
When Noah suggests they go to dinner, Colbie bolts and she figures that's the end of it.
I enjoyed watching these two meet and then later on realizing they should have exchanged contact information.
Colbie is coming off a really bad break-up and she's wary because Noah seems so perfect.
Noah is fascinated by Colbie and that continues once he's back home.
The fact that they both hired Rafe Sullivan to find the other and that Mia helped him to plan a meeting between the two made the story even more special.
This is an entertaining story that gives us a little insight into the Seattle Sullivan's but also restores faith in love at first sight.
I can't wait to see what Bella has in store for this branch of the Sullivan family!
Great story, would have loved another 150-200 pages of Noah and Colbie's story--great for a super quick read.
Loved their chemistry and wish we could have spent more time with them.
Write faster Bella!!!
Ever meet someone and you can't seem to forget them?!? .. yah love at first sight.
Love this book.
Makes one feel yummy and gooey inside.
Love this series and this is another good dose.
Will keep and reread when I feel down as this book will make me feel good.
Fantastic read.
Short and sweet.
A well written romance .
I love a" love at first sight " novel .
The characters were depicted rounded and likeable.
It was lovely how they found each other again.
A good read.
I liked this book.
The characters were likable and believable, as was the setting and situation.
I will be looking for more from this author.
For a longer, more complex read, with a touch of suspense and science fiction, I also recommend:The Haunting of the Rose Queen
I really enjoyed this short little read.
It held my attention.
And was a fun glimpse at two more possible Sullivan family members..
Hope something develops for the two Sullivan family cousins.
I really enjoy Bella's books.
This is another great book by Bella!!!
She s a great writer!!
I love all her books!!!!
Looking forward to more books by her!!
I really loved the great story in this great story, as I love all her books I have read so far.
I could not put it down till I finished reading it.
Thank you so very much for writing this great story.
Love Loved This!
This book was great just like all of Bella's!
I really get lost in all of her books!
Fantastic!
She always does an amazing job with her stories!!
She is one of my favorite authors.
I'll usually just put her name in the search box to see what might be new!
It is my favorite of the Sullivan Series of brothers and sisters.
It was fun reading about this family and the way Ms. Andre continued to weave the family aspect of their lives together.
I plan on hearing in the near future about their cousin Rafe.
Really enjoyed the lighthearted romance of this story.
Who says longer is better.
This novella brings it big time in a quick easy read.
Honestly, I've yet to find one of her stories that I haven't enjoyed.
She creates stories that are realistic and characters that we can all relate to and with the perfect amount of steaminess without going overboard.
I havve not read a book she wrote that is not great.
Her stories are fun and the characters are amazin.
It was a good short story.
I would like it to go more into their love life.
But this is good enough.
He was a gentleman!
Loved this book like I do all of her other ones but I do wish it was longer but a good one day read
really liked it, short and to the point.
The love scene was beautiful and romantic.
The writing was expressive and easy to follow.
I normally dont like novella's and generally only read them if tied to a series.
I was anxious to get a taste of the next group of books.
I enjoyed the book quick read but the characters and there story came together and got us better informed on 2 of the new characters for the next series.
Bella Andre does it again!
I love her books and am hooked as soon as I start reading!
Great read!
Bella Andre is easily hands down one of my favorite authors of all times.
Her books are amazing and I love them all.
This book was no less than perfect as well.
You really became the characters and I think it was amazing to see a guys reaction to a love he knew was there the minute the fell down together.
I loved his reaction when......
Ohhhh you are just going to have to read it to find out.
My only complaint about this book was it was not long enough.....
Of course....
NONE of Bella's books are ever long enough.
When you pick up a book by Bella Andre you never want to put it down because you become part of the story and the book ending means you have to return to reality...*sigh* They are amazing escapes :)As always I recommend her books to EVERYONE!!
(Age appropriate of course ;P)
Good short story about love at first sight.
Can't wait to catch up with the Sullivan's in the next book.
I love the way that Ms. Andre weaves her stories and I cannot put them down until I am finished with the book..
She has a way of wanting you to stay involved with the characters and I can identify and recognize the feelings that are being portrayed...
I love the way that she always weaves the making love sections into something sensual and not repulsive.
She is so great at describing rhe guys, they are all gorgeous and hunks...
The feelings that erupt from the characters when they realize that their lives have been impacted by the female character and then the male always follows through and declares his love and then THE END....
I LOVE THE SULLIVAN SERIES...
Wonderful entertainment...
I love to read and she is writing into my listening and my emotions..
I buy all of her books when I can afford them.
Mary Ann Greenley
Good fast read.
I like the lack of drama.
Just gone to the point.
The best the heroine was not whining at all
Once again Bella Andre has written a beautifully sweet love story full of emotion and heart.
What a great read!!
Noah and Colbie meet by chance, disappear from each other's lives and then are reunited for one perfect night that shows them they are meant for each other. `Sigh'
I love the Sullivan's and this intro into a continuing story of them blows we away.
Yet this book can stand alone as a sweet read.
The characters were just meant to be and I loved how they found each other.
I love this story is short but very sweet.
He is so sweet and caring and let's not forget so confident is hot.
Is just shows you that you never know what's gonna happen
I loved the way Bella Andre incorporated Rafe and Mia Sullivan into the story and how it blended smoothly together.
I always love Bella Andre books.
They are great contemporary romance.
This one was short and sweet.
A nice, quick read.
There is not on book that Bella Andre's has written that I have not loved.
I can't wait for her next book.
The romance is greatThere is nothing I can say bad about any of her books.
May be just a little more hot scene's.
Loved it!
She has a way with each story and this one is no different!
Can't wait for the next book.
A great short love story.
Read in one day.
Wish it was a little bit longer.
Make me want to read other books by Bella Andre.
Bella Andre is the best writer ever!!!
I just can't wait to read more of her stuff.
It is very hard to put her books down once I have started!
Loved , love all her books , so glad I found her books, they make a evening much more enjoyable
I loved this quick, romantic read by Bella!!
I hope to see more of these two in future books!
It was really neat seeing Mia and Rafe in here too. :)
Love it !!!
I'm so looking forward to the next book that Bella Andre publishes.
I love all of her books.
This one was short, but I was sweet, hot, & romactic.
Makes you want to beleive in love at first sight.
This is a sweet and predictible story but so enjoyable.
If you are looking for a quick read to feed your romantic appetite then please read One Perfect Night.
Bella Andre has a way of captivating the reader from the beginning and pulling them into the story.
Colbie and Noah share that connection that most of us truly hope exists.
I thought this was a great segway into the life of the Seattle Sullivans.
I am hopeful that Colbie and Noah's story continues in possible future stories about the Seattle Sullivans (hint hint Ms. Andre if you aren't already outlining those stories).
Another great read.
Although this book is shorter than some of the other Bella Andre books I have read, it did not disappoint.
Great short story.
Wish it was little longer but so would read again!
Such a good love story and I love Bella Andre.
This was a perfect little quickie.
I love the Sullivan's by Bella Andre, this has the same feel to it.
Her style is sweet with just enough heat.
I'm ready for more!!
It might have been a short book, but Bella Andre did not disappoint.
I can't wait for her next book.
Bella does it again!
Loved this cute little short read.
Also loved the Sullivan family tie in since they are my favorites!
This was a wonderful short story that also included Rafe & Mia Sullivan.
It was an incredible love story that was a quick read.
Bella Andre has done it again with her wonderful characters and depth of feeling and emotion!
Bella never disappoints and this teaser book was no exception!
It was great to be introduced to Rafe and Mia and I can't wait to read more about Noah and Colbie!
Very short, but very good.
Bella Andre is my favorite writer.
I can't get enough of her stories.
The way the Noah & Colbie meet was really cute and I love the way she ended the story.
Very cute read- love the fact that we get some insight of the other Sullivan's... as always Bella did an awesome job with this short read!
This was on perfect short story...
Bella Andre is an incredible writer and each story in unique and special in it's own way..
I have loved each and every book I have read and look forward to reading more and more from her..
It's a fun romance.
Some hot and heavy scenes.... sweet romance, quick and easy read. thats all I have to say
To be honest , this was good.
I've enjoyed the short series.
I wish for a little longer though .
Great good
This book was ok but nothing to rave about.
It was kind of boring, I had to skim over most of it, it just bored me.
I wouldn't recommend.
No man on earth talks like this... lol glad it was a free kindle book..
Could be a lame lifetime movie
Several of my friends kept raving about Bella Andre's books, so I thought I'd start out with this free novella.
Great writing, fun characters -- a good way to spend an hour.
Yes, it's short, but it says right in the description that it's a novella, so what did you expect?
I'm definitely planning to read more of her (longer) books in the future.
This book reminds me of years gone by.
Everybody remembers their one perfect night.
This is a must read for contemporary readers.
I got my Sullivan's confused and the author did not.
I am revising it to four stars.
I wish it had been longer.
What a fantastic short story.
I really liked the excellent writing.
I would recommend this story to friends.
I felt like there really is love at first sight.
Noah was such a great guy.
Colbie was wary, but I couldn't blame her.
Noah really swept her off of her feet.
This was a good short story.
needs to be longer I would have like to hear if they got married or not but will read her books again
I have to say that I had been seeing the name Bella Andre quite a bit over the last couple of months since I got my tablet and started gobbling eBooks.
I happened to run across One Perfect Night on one of the many blog groups and since it was free, I snapped it up.
Boy, am I glad I did!
I now have a new favorite author!
I will have to save some of my funds to purchase more of her books!
I really needed something light and fun after the week I've had and this was the perfect book for that.
ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL! !!!!!!!
Did I miss some pages or this book just seriously finished?
I read it in one sitting.
I'm glad it was FREE!
Otherwise, I would have been REALLY upset!
Everything goes so fast.. and some conversations sound ridiculous.
Did I enjoy this book?
Not that much.
This is a very short, sweet story of one girl hurt by her ex and finding the love of her life in just 1.2 months.
A nice read even though it was on the rating of PG.
Enjoy, I did.
I really enjoyed this book.
Just wish there was more of it.
I have read others from this author and enjoyed them all.
It was cute!
I wished it was longer but it was good.
I look forward to reading more from Bella Andre!
I loved this novella by Belle Andre.
I liked this one so much more than Candy Store!
This author has become one of my favorites after reading The Sullivan Series.
When I saw this novella being offered free on Amazon, it made my day!
Get it!
It was really sweet!
I have read a bunch of other Bella Andre books and really liked them, so reading this was a no brainer.
Good book
The story itself was lovely and serendipitous, but the interaction between the two -- even the faux conflict for the female in the story -- was too perfect.
And it felt rushed toward the end.
I usually like a little more detail when the couple gets together, but it was a lot of roundabout talk.
Given the shortness, it did tug at my heartstrings, so the romance aspect is certainly effective.
The concept is cute, love at first site.
Very short story though, which I didn't realize when I downloaded.
I felt I was just getting into the story then bam, ended.
While this was a very good, very well written story, I can't rate it any higher due to the price vs. size of the book. $1.99 for a book that took me 30 minutes to read?
The blurb said 100 pages.
No way.
Unless you count all the lead ins to her other books.
It should have been free.
This is a quick short story, or it seemed.
Things happen so fast that you dont feel or see the connection between them.
This is a quick read- I finished it in about 45 minutes.
But I really enjoyed the story, and it was well written.
I'm currently planning a skiing vacation, hope it turns out this well.
Andre is one of my favorite authors, and I cant wait for her next book!
This felt like a short story rather than a book.
Poor plot, didn't hold any interest for me.
Struggled to finish it....
I know it was a short story but, it ended almost before it started.
I thought the way they met was fun.
So reading this after I'd read the Sullivan series..
I was afraid I wouldn't like it..
I was wrong.
Good read.
Can't wait to read more from her.
a quick read, I loved the story and I wanted to know more about them, hope they pop up in another Sullivan novel.
This book was forgetable and predictable.
It makes me wonder why I read this genre when I read drivel like this.
The book was over before it began.
Wasted time and money and so disappointed she would do this to her reading fans.
The description of this "book" talks about a woman who was left heartbroken, alone and pregnant.
She will never forgive the manWho left her this way.
Five minutes after a chance encounter they are having steamy sex in a garage!
No plot or character development.
Penthouse Forum is far more believable.
Oh, the book cover does deserve 5 stars!
I picked this very short ebook up free, so didn't have much expectations.
I thought the writing was good, and I would read more by this author.
My only beef is this story moved at such a fast pace!
It had potential, including (what could be) a great cast of characters for a series, but over all it was too short to care about the characters.
So much was left unsaid and unaddressed.
BUT, since this appears to be a teaser for a series, we may get those answers in later books.
The author wants us to believe that a woman who has raised her son alone for 9 years, because Dad left town.
Who has the smarts to run her own business, and run her father's farm, is dumb enough to falls right back in Dane's arms within minutes.
It reads like maybe 5 minutes had passed before she is not only having sex with Dane but unprotected sex at that!
Please... no women with any self-respect would do that.
All Dane needs to do is bang her a few times says he is sorry and that is that?!
What a crock!
Don't waste your time on this book.
This is a book written solely for the sex, I get that there are a lot of people who really like that so that's not the issue I have with this book.
It's just that the sexy scenes weren't sexy and there is just a suspension of disbelief that I just couldn't attain.
I mean I GUESS I can see jumping the bones of the guy who left you broken-hearted and pregnant (even though he didn't know about it) as soon as you see him, even though you just tried to maim him.
I can understand the guy being all hot and bothered by her but when the guy finds out this big secret and he just is all, whatever, I'm here now wish I knew before, now let's go have sex.
That's weird, a guy is either going to be super pissed or scared off by Charlotte's deceit.
THEN, THEN oh hey we've been apart for 10 years, let's get hitched.... really because in 10 years you don't think either of you have changed at all?!?
Ok, this is a book about the sex not the story, but really both aspects are pretty lacking... but I guess it was free... so...
Everything about this "book" bothers me.
I realize that most romance novels and erotica succumb to purple prose, but if you're going to go on about a character's physical features and use cliched phrases, at least make it consistent.
Hart makes a reference to a character's "cobalt eyes" (purple prose and cliched) but then only pages later refers to them as grey eyes.
Call me crazy, but I don't think cobalt and grey are the same color.
Beyond that, Charlie's character is a frickin' idiot.
Someone who got pregnant and then left, and was supposedly emotionally scarred by the event, does NOT sleep with said impregnator the second she sees him again without even a blip of a thought of using a condom and not getting pregnant again.
The sex was even boring, I skipped over most of it in a rush to just finish the book and get it off my kindle.
Yes, this was a free ebook.
Yes, it was advertised as an erotic romance.
All I'm asking for is a little quality!
(And also better editors).
What a great, quick read!
The character development was fast but well done.
It followed the typical romance novel path, just at an abbreviated pace.
I found the story and its brevity to be refreshing.
I'm a fan of a romance novel, but sometimes it is exhausting getting through all of the things that are keeping the couple apart/reasons they can't be together, so this was a great change of pace.
I also really enjoyed the preview of the next book- I'm looking into purchasing the whole series right now!
They met after over a decade apart and they were having sex in the garage by Chapter 2.
There was no plot at all.....
I have read over 1,000+ books and I love romance & erotica genre.
And this book is in the bottom 20 I ever read.
The description of this book is the only good part of the book.
This book is the 1st of the sequel, and it was free.
At the end of this book is the first Chapter of book 2 and it seem promising.....
I wouldnt dare buy book 2 unless is was a freebie.
This short story tells of the homecoming of bad boy Dane and the less than warm welcome given by his old childhood sweetheart, Charloette.
But who could blame her?
Dane left her abruptly without a word, and worse still, with a baby he did not know about...
One may puzzle over why if Dane loved Charloette as much as he did, he would hook up with other females in the interim and he never tried to contact her.
But bam, when he meets her, he wants her again.
Alas, the fickle nature of a man's heart.
If you can suspend your disbelief over this change of attitude, this book makes a quick, easy read.
It was definitely short - so the good part was that it was a quick read.
The downside is that there was not much plot.
It was 1/3 story (plot line) and 2/3's sex scenes.
I was very disappointed - it had the potential to be a good book but just so underdeveloped...
The characters were unlikeable and the plot was ridiculous - even for a free short story.
Do not waste your time.
This book had a small amount of promise that vanished after three pages.
This book's plot clearly only exists to serve as a backdrop for meaningless sex between a man that rapes his ex-girlfriend in her business place (she clearly says "No." to his advances several time, and he penetrates her anyway), and a woman who has the emotional maturity of a hormonal fourteen year old.
The only sentences that weren't actively about sex in the entire book were either violent or prepping the reader for the next sex scene.
If the teaser for the next book is accurate, the next Dane brother is a fiend who takes sexual advantage of his medical patients when they are vulnerable.
Buy everything by this author; she clearly knows how successful relationships start: with rape and lies.
Keeping in mind that this was only a short story, and that it is primarily erotica - I was STILL disappointed at the speed of the "romance."SPOILER ALERT: Hero ran out on heroine ten years before, unknowingly leaving her pregnant.
And she still had sex with him MINUTES after seeing him again.
And agreed to marry him almost as fast.
After TEN YEARS!
Come ON!
The writing quality seemed fine, but I was seriously blinded by my impatience with these characters.
Although I don't discount reading this author in the future, I will not go looking for anything else by her.
Had potential to be a good story, but it was lacking in substance. the whole story happened in one night-I felt that it did not have any dept at all. even from a free read I expect more...
I did invest my time!
Short sexy read but definitely not worth the price.
Got it for free so I enjoyed it especially for that reason otherwise I would have been unsatisfied being that I didn't feel that there was enough conversation or closure between the Hero/Heroine.
The reasoning for Dane leaving was definitely realistic and the passion that they shared was off the charts.
However, for all of the grief and life alternating events that Charlotte went through, she let him back in her pants and her life way to quickly.
Basically, he wanted to go off and explore the world and his career along with many woman as he states while assuming that Charlotte will be waiting for him back home for 10 long years?
What?
If the books were priced at $1.00 I would consider reading the rest of the series.
These four books are only 57 pages for 2.99 to 3.99.
This is the four books about the Mckenzie brothers.
She has other books at 300 plus pages for 3.99.
Is anyone watching this at Amazon that asking us to pay 3.00 for 50 plus pages is a little ridiculous.
Suggestion.
Amazon should put all four books together for 2.99 to 3.99.
I agree with the other review her perception of real life is a little off.
Not worth the money to buy.
Don't waste your time with this book.
The author gives you a short story with no real ending and characters that don't seem to be able to get you interested in the story before it's over.
Save your money and find another book
This book had very little story with a lot of sex.
Now I get that most romances has sex in the stories but most also believe in having a story line.
It has a making of a good book if it wouldn't be so rushed.
I won't be reading any more from this author.
I really liked the book but is too short, I want to know more, whats gonna happen next with their son???
Looking for something quick and light.
This was a good introduction to this family and the author's writing style.
The erotic scenes were good.
Enjoyed it.
This book was to the point quick.
I was waiting for it to evolve and then it ended.
It was a good story, just needed more meat.
I wanted to hear about Danes story more and his military adventures as well as his journalism.
Also, what had Charlie been doing all these years?
Did Jayden embrace Dane?
It ended too early.
Hoping the next books in the series evolve this story more!
This book was like a hot quickie.
I was wishing it would continue.
My only issue would be the length of the book
The content was good but there feels like there should be more as soon as the book starts to come alive it over and the end felt rushed.
There was a decent beginning to the book but then it went into so much so fast with no true plot to the story other than sex.
Come on where's the romance anymore that's what makes a story
The plot wasn't that original but the writing was ok and there was enough angst there to conjure up some romance.
It's worth reading and mostly interesting.
I've read better but it's above average as far as this genre usually goes.
All in all not too bad.
Give me, Give me ...
Free.
Yes, this is another one of those I could not pass up because it was free reads.
I am going to be very blatant and say that the cover appeal of `Dane' totally called to my attention.
So with Pecs abound I downloaded this delectable read.
As the words flamed across the page, the heat came so potently fast that admittedly I ducked behind my e-reader.
Yes, it would be appropriately to say that this is one of those tales that take a lonely night to new heights.
I would certainly take the disclaimer to heart when purchasing this book.
If you are not into the more risqué of tales then I would suggest moving on from this selection.
However, if you do not shy away from the glow of a fiery blaze then purchase away for you will not be disappointed!!
This is a love story that could burn your eyebrows.
Dano was just out of college a week or two, his mother passes from cancer, & he has just made love for the first time with your who just barely turned 18.
Yet, you had always had a secret dream to be a writer that you had only really only talked to your mom about & you knew your three HELL raiser brothers would never understand.
So, what do you do?
Your mind says go make something of yourself then come back for Charlotte.
But ten years?
Wow!
Really?
This is really a case of a forever love with a lot of lust.
I sat on this book for a while before I could write the review because I can't decide on the appropriate rating.
Likes: The Cover-yumDane is sex on a stickThe brothers are all intriguingI like Charlie with her "I don't need a man" attitude through life, and also because she works in garage, and I love her name.
The flow was fast, the climax was hot, and the sex was steamyDislikes: ENTIRELY too shortI would have liked more details about everything- which goes right alone with it being too short.
I wish we could have seen Dane meet his son--again with the shortnessDane comes off as an a-hole since he "screwed" his way through 10 yearsI wish Charlie would have at least had one other sexual partnerThe town name is cheesy as all get outI look forward to reading more about the brothers, but I sincerely hope the other books are longer.
I think it takes talent to write a short story and have your readers walk away with a sense of knowing and liking the characters.
I have read full length novels that don't get the characters, their personalities, plot or back story fleshed out well.
That was not the case with this story.
The author gets you hooked and interested from the first page when the hero, Dane, is returning to his hometown.
You quickly learn where he has been and why he is returning home, and what was in his past that caused him to leave his hometown.
You are immediately introduced to his love interest and their passion quickly unfolds.
Don't let the fact that this is a short story (49 pages) deter you from reading it.
You can form an instant knowledge and liking to these characters.
The plot moves at a great pace and leaves you wanting more when you reach the last page.
I'm looking forward to the other books in this series.
Ok a few of the reviews below depict exactly how I feel about this book.1) Overall skill of the Author was: GOOD+2) Pace of story Line: POOR3) Description of story vs actual story: POOR4) Interest keeping: I could not finish so: POOR-With all due respect for the Author with good writing skills (which I do not have) maybe if I read the whole series and depending on how good they are all combined my 2 star rating could very well increase, who knows.
However, I could not finish this one so I doubt that I will ever know.
This was extremely unbelievable.
It was spicy, but I just didn't love it.
It was shallow and too short to engage me.
The story starts when the H comes back to town after he had abandoned his family and his supposed love of his life 10 years ago.
My problem with the story is the same everyone else had.
That same day, wait.. no... that same hour that he returns, he is already having sex with the h.
I am not exaggerating.
There is a point where one of the characters tells the H, "get ready to grovel" which made no sense since the h went from throwing a wrench at the H to having sex with him in less than a page.
She put up even less resistance to him taking up with the h as if nothing had ever gone wrong.
I suppose if the story would have had some development, if there would have been some actual conflict to the story, perhaps having the h actually stick to her guns for more than a paragraph it would have been a good read.
Unfortunately, this is just another generic story where H abandons the h, H moves on with his life and other woman while the h chastely waits for the H to come back home and quickly takes him back with no fight whatsoever.
The h is your typical doormat but the H does seem remorseful.
I wouldn't waste my time even on a free read.
It's well written, and the sex scenes aren't embarrassing or anything, but I agree with the other reviewers who said that it was too short for the story and characters.
He leaves her to go make a name for himself, and she has a secret baby, and that's all resolved in a couple of sex scenes?
Still I guess it's impressive that it didn't seem totally ridiculous -- it seems more ridiculous writing it out here than it did when reading!
So it's good for a free book, but I think I would have been upset if I'd paid for it.
This short story is sweet and hot.
Charlie never stopped loving Dane, so when he reappears,sparks and wrench fly.
Dane never knew when he left her, that she was pregnant.
So can they bridge that 10 year gap?
Good quick read, great start for series.
I loved this story, I just wish it was longer!
I wanted to read about him meeting Jayden and how he handled it!
Was a good heart warming read full of saucy-ness!
Loved this short little story.
It's very romantic and very erotic for being so short (only around 50 pages) but so worth for a short read!
I can't wait to read about the rest of the brothers!
I honestly thought this... really short... book should have received two stars, but was in a gracious mood and gave it three since it did have some steamy moments.
Dane has been gone for ten years, left to find himself.
Charlotte left the same time, with her little secret.
She moves back to take over father's ranch, works as a mechanic.
Dane is drawn home for some reason, wanting to put down roots, first person he runs in to is ex-love Charlotte and they have wild sex.
They get back together to quick and so obvious to the reader.
The whole story is a too little, too soon in my opinion.
I guess i need to buy the other three books to finish the story about Dane and Charlie.
I really wanted to know how his son felt about the whole thin.
I think the author should have finished the story line.
If repetition was the key to a good story, this would be a great one... but it's not.
You meet the characters, and don't particularly care for either of them, and then they have sex a few times.
The end.
It wasn't worth 'free'.
This is what happens when a romance that should take 6 months to develop happens in one day.
It's unbeliavable: instead of building trust, the main male character uses sex to get the woman he dumped years ago to take him back.
And even though the main characters have a child together, seriously, what woman would let a guy who dumped her and never even knew he had a son to walk right back into her life after a single day?
All sex, almost no relationship.
Oh, wait...
It says "Erotic romance".
Have to be blunt here: This story would've been better off if it was just a no-pretence sex scene.
So if you treat it as such, it sure is one HOT read!
The chemistry sizzles throughout the whole series.
A page turner if ever I've read one.
Is there a lot of sex?
Yes!
It proved to be a very easy flowing read that I highly enjoyed and highly recommend.
loved this book it was very good. the whole set is even better. it is a must read. it goes into detail about what they are going to do.
I got this as a freebie.
I'm glad I didn't pay for it.
The best thing about it was the cover picture.
Actually, the book wasn't really bad.
I just think the author should have spent more time on the book.
It reads as if she was under a deadline that she forgot about and only had 1 week to write it.
It could have been fleshed out more and gotten more detailed about the H/H and maybe even some of the secondary characters.
This book was too short.
The story was just beginning.
I thought the whole book did not download.
Was disappointed.
This book had so much potential.
The characters were great, could have developed into a good full book, but it didn't.
Story was very short, there is not a lot of time for character development and everything happens in a day.
We are introduced to many characters that will eventually have their own book.
Story is about Dane, one of four brothers who grew up in the small town of Surrender.
Dane was coming home for the first time since he left ten years ago.
He was coming home to see his brothers and in the back of his mind, hoping to find Charlie there.
She was the girl he left 10 years ago in search of a better future for him and pursue a career in writing.
Now he comes back and is quite accomplished, but never quite forgot about Charlie.
Lo'and behold there she was in town.
She had just moved back.
As soon as she sees him, they become intimate within the first 10 minutes.
Ok, I thought that was a bit of a stretch for me, given that she was heartbroken and how they broke up.
Book has lots of steamy scenes and that took up most of the book.
Book had a happily ever after, but there wasn't any real drama, deep plot or development.
I wish it would have been longer, more time to develop the story and characters.
This would easily be a 4 or 5 star book if there was any plot at all.
It had so much potential even seeing thats theres a whole series, but those book have no more than 50 pages too.
This book is purely sex.
Dane comes home and runs into Charlotte, the girl he loves & left behind 10 years earlier.
She had his son and never told him.
So much the author could do with this plot.
They reunited had sex and more sex, he found out about his son by mistake than went to her to have more & more & more sex.
They had the conclusion in one night and the book ended.
The whole book time period was about a 8 hours, he never even met his son.
This was a free book and nice to read but wished it was more.
I would love to read the rest of the brothers stories but they are all $3.99 and I am not paying to read 50 pages of sex when I could just reread this book for free.
First of all, I love the covers in this hot series.
Yes, it was a short read of 50 pages and the story moved fast, but it was an enjoyable read that left you smiling at the end.
Realistic characters.
Engaging.
Great read!
I think that this book is what every women wishes for when they think of any of their lost loves.
I can not wait to get the next book in the series.
Erotic, goodness yes, it was a very fast read and it flowed very smoothly.
Typical reaction of male siblings in most families, I have 4 younger brothers and I think they would all have similar reactions
Quick read with lots of sex but story didn't work for me and the ending was like there werent enough pages in the book.
I minute your reading wondering what happens next and bam book is over
Fair storyline.
Quick pace.
The book reads well but goes a little faster than can be believed.
I am not in a hurry to read another by this auther.
Moves through the story too fast and way too predictable.
Not enough character building, plot, etc...
Would not read the other stories from this series.
Would make a great novel.
I would've loved to have this as a weekend book instead of a lunch break book.
WOW!
If I was supposed to feel somethingI admit I felt it.
Great story and if you are looking for a hot readthen this is it. put the kiddies to bed and enjoy
Very short fast read, unbelievable for sure, pure FICTION, to those who like books that have lots of sex in them here ya go!
I like those too, hense why I got it to read, but I do like them to be a bit more believeable. happy reading!
I dont dont why there was so much details for such a short story. just as i was kinda getting into it, it ended. should of seen how pages there were.
If it was longer it might of been ok.
Plot very weak and characters needed more development to be believable.
Just didn't enjoy this book as much as the rest of have downloaded this month.
Not badly written, this could have benefited with a final edit to add a few commas and other bits, to make reading and understanding easier.
Plot Spoiler - Boy meets girl, boy runs away.
Boy comes back 10 years later.
Sex overcomes everything.
The writer has managed to get a balance with lots of sex, but no gracious vulgarity.
There is a story, although it is a bit brief and could have been fleshed out to improve the book.
You get an idea of what type of woman Charlotte is, but not really who Dane is.
This is 56 pages, if it were a little longer at around 70 more information could have been added to make it a more interesting read, and to encourage the reader to buy other books by the same author.
This book was a terrible disappointment.
The main characters were just too unbelievable.
Come on after 10 years raising a child on my own the louse comes back and its into the sheets!
That's just totally unreal.
This story was like a porno all sex no plot or depth.
Giving it one star is one star too many.
I hated it completely.
Great, steamy, and loved the reunion of the lovers.
I would recommend to friends for reading and because it's short story.
I have never read a book so fast .
It was amazing and held my attention .
Can not wait to read more by Liliana Hart
The book was too short and felt rushed.
I think the story line could have been better.
I would not pay for this book
It was ok but would be better if it were expanded on into a full length novel instead of just a short story.
I've been looking for another series to read, and I really liked Lilianna Hart's book Kill Shot.
But this book just didn't make sense.
I think I face-palmed every page.
But it's a quick read if you're just looking for easy brain candy.
I enjoyed this book.
I liked the author's style and I liked the characters.
I enjoyed the fact that the usual romance obstacles that keep the characters apart forever were not ad infinitum.
I would have no problem recommending this story for a quick read.
If you would like a longer, more complex story with a touch of suspense you might like: The Haunting of the Rose Queen
This was a good book I can't wait to read the rest of this series I only wish it was a little longer
Read thru it very quickly and loved it!
I will be buying the series soon so that I can get a real feel for Ms. Harts writing, so far I'm liking it!
Very touching story of two star crossed lovers being reunited after 10 years apart and finding out that love can stand the test of time.
This was one hot story.
It started out on page one and only got smoking hot from there.
I really enjoyed it although I thought that Charlie really should have made him sweat it out a little more.
I mean the guy makes hot smoking love to her cuts out and leaves her to deal with the fallout.
Ten years pass and he's back ready, willing and does pick up where he left her an she just lets him.
Better her than me.
I'd have made that one pay big time before I let him back into my panties.
Loved it.
Would suggest to anyone who wants a hot, hot ride.
It was okay for what it was, but it was just too short to actually get attached to any of the characters.
This was very disappointing.
The main female character went from hating her high school sweetheart for abruptly abandoning her when she was pregnant 10 years ago, causing her to leave the only home she's known in order to avoid the shame and gossip of small town living, too... engaged to the same man (happily) when he suddenly shows up in town after only what one... maybe two hours!
This felt like the final chapters to what could have been a really good story.
I felt like the author forgot to write the first 10 chapters!
Very touching story of two star crossed lovers being reunited after 10 years apart and finding out that love can stand the test of time.
This was one hot story.
It started out on page one and only got smoking hot from there.
I really enjoyed it although I thought that Charlie really should have made him sweat it out a little more.
I mean the guy makes hot smoking love to her cuts out and leaves her to deal with the fallout.
Ten years pass and he's back ready, willing and does pick up where he left her an she just lets him.
Better her than me.
I'd have made that one pay big time before I let him back into my panties.
Loved it.
Would suggest to anyone who wants a hot, hot ride.
It was okay for what it was, but it was just too short to actually get attached to any of the characters.
This was very disappointing.
The main female character went from hating her high school sweetheart for abruptly abandoning her when she was pregnant 10 years ago, causing her to leave the only home she's known in order to avoid the shame and gossip of small town living, too... engaged to the same man (happily) when he suddenly shows up in town after only what one... maybe two hours!
This felt like the final chapters to what could have been a really good story.
I felt like the author forgot to write the first 10 chapters!
If it is meant to be, love will always find a way.
Never give up or lose hope because things work out the way they are supposed to be.
It was ok but the book was too short.
When I started getting interested in the characters the book was over.
I found this novel to be way too short, but hot enough that I would love to see more of Dane MacKenzie and his relationship with Charlotte.
The introduction of the brothers and their history just makes me want to read more about these guys and the women that will claim their hearts and lives.
This book was far too short!
I need me some more Dane.
He sounds delicious.
Super quick and sexy read.
I bought this book because of the cover but boy was I not disappointed, this is a great short story and I already bought the rest of the Mackenzie's books.
I couldn't put the book down till I was done, Can wait to start reading the series.
Highly recomended
Good read but short, is more of a short story but a good start we met all the brothers.
Cannot wait for the rest of their stories
Can not wait to read the rest in the box set.
I hope the others are as engaging.
Are we going to find out if Dane is a good fit for her son?
I really like how this novella began, the growth of maturity with a twist of kismet... it was wonderful start to Mackenize Family.
Lilliana Hart knows how to bring her characters to life.
I have read all the McKenzie books, and I can tell you, it is hard to close between all the men.
I would love to have grown up with this family.
All the he'll raising, fun loving times.
This is what family is supposed to be like.
I got this book as a freebie a while back and actually forgot about it.
I started reading it this weekend and was impressed.
It is a hot little short.
I would have liked to know what transpired with his son.
I may read more about him in the series.
I am starting the next book now.
Looking forward to reading more of Liliana's books!
This story was alright.
Steamy sex scenes and a big secret.
I wish it would've been longer because the author crammed everything in and some things didn't get resolved in this book.
I like the characters and want to read about the rest of the brothers and what happens next.
Hopefully the other books aren't as short as this one.
I want to read more books I love the series books.
Thank you for a riveting book I love them
First book I've read by this author.
I really enjoyed it & plan on purchasing the entire set. :-) Dane & Charlie are a cute fit.
I can't wait to find out about Thomas, Riley, & Cooper stories.
Dane is a wonderful novella!
It covers everything from brotherly love to erotic passion.
And it's short enough for a quick read!
I can't wait to read about the other brothers!
This book is a very good reading book and I will look for more books from this author and read them too.
So hard to put this down!!
Got a few ideas to share with my husband sure he will like as much as I did reading it.
Dane is a wonderful novella!
It covers everything from brotherly love to erotic passion.
And it's short enough for a quick read!
I can't wait to read about the other brothers!
This book is a very good reading book and I will look for more books from this author and read them too.
So hard to put this down!!
Got a few ideas to share with my husband sure he will like as much as I did reading it.
This was a very short, romance read.
I am looking forward to reading some of the author's.
Full length works.
This was a short read, and the heat started early on.
I would have liked to see some more development of the characters, but if you want a sex oriented read, this is it.
This is a short story and I found myself finishing it in 20 mins, and looking for the next book this book is for anyone who loves sex in their books
I enjoyed the book, it held my attention.
Although I really wish some of the lewd language could be tamed a bit and then absolutely write another book so we can follow the relationship between Dane and Charlotte.
I want to know what happens with their relationship, not have to start all over again getting to know about new characters.
this book was good enjoyed the reading made me want to read the other brothers stories just wish they were a little longer.
Still enjoyed it but not quite as much as 50 shades
i am currently reading this book, but it has drawn me in. it is well written and hope to read more from this author.
Quick and to the point.
Would have liked to have had more than the outline of the situation.
There could have been more of the plot of his adventures.
Glad it was free.
What i read was good, but would be very disappointed if i had to pay for this short story that took only about 2 hours to read.
I really did like this book but it was way to short.
I needed more of Dane and to know he had to get to know his son.
I knew full well that I was ordering an erotic romance book, but I didn't expect it to be as graphic as this.
The story did not keep me interested, probably because there was very little to it other than the two main characters having more sex in two days than an average person might have in a month, in my opinion.
I won't purchase any more of this series, nor any other offerings from author Liliana Hart.
I would recommend a book like this only to someone who enjoys reading extremely graphic erotic novels with little-to-no care about the story.
Easy reading love story.
You didn;t want to stop reading because you wanted to find out what was going to happen.
This novel has some good Paragraphs and then it falls in the routine (but not gross) language.
Lacks new ideas and intelligent dialogues but the storytelling is credible.
LOVE THE MACKENZIES JUST WISH IT WAS LONGER!
LEFT ME WANTING TO LEARN MORE OF WHAT MADE DANE AND CHARLIE TICK.
Was hoping to get to see how their son accepted the situation
Was a good book, hot and sweet.
Once again I wish this one was a bit longer with a bit more details.
Not a bad book though!
Way too short, but since it was free, I guess I don't mind too much.
Hopefully the other books in the series are longer?!?
The description of this book had me anticipating a wonderful love story.
What I got instead was a bunch of sec and absolutely no plot.
It had the potential to be a good read but in the end it was just short and stupid.
It was good, but expected more... there should have been a little more fight for them to be together.
She was easy!
Way too short, but since it was free, I guess I don't mind too much.
Hopefully the other books in the series are longer?!?
The description of this book had me anticipating a wonderful love story.
What I got instead was a bunch of sec and absolutely no plot.
It had the potential to be a good read but in the end it was just short and stupid.
It was good, but expected more... there should have been a little more fight for them to be together.
She was easy!
Liliana Hart is an excellent erotic romance writer.
Have read most of her works and she does not disappoint.
Her works definitely make for a happy face!
This was an easy read that I found hot and interesting.
It didn't have the pull that some of my favorite books do but I liked it all the same.
I found this ebook in the free section of the Kindle store.
I liked the idea of a short story.
Liliana Hart has a good style of story telling.
I bought several of the follow up ebooks.
I feel like I get ripped off if the whole book is not there to read.
I'm one to read all of the book at one setting. very disappointed will not read any of the other books from her Thank you.
I love the intrigue, the romance and the little suspension.
I heard about Dane and wanted to read at least one story so I could make my own decision.
This is a story of love and forgiveness.
Dane persistently tries for what he wants.
There was a short portion of book two, Thomas, included at the end.
It was a very intriguing and much more interesting story.
I will definitely be reading the second story.
I had forgotten I had downloaded this months ago until I saw a friend review it.
Hot and sexy read.
Quick too.
Finished in just under 2 hours.
I really liked the story in this book, I could not put it down till I finished reading it.
Thank you so very much for writing it.
I enjoyed this short story and really look forward to reading the rest if the series.
I do wish it had been longer.
This is a great book and it also is a great price.
You will love this product and the brand is great too.
This book is really good.
My daughter picked it out and I read before she did.
HaHa there should be more to it.
I'm the kind of woman that doesn't want a good book to end.
Not a Story (too long) not a book (too short).
Perhaps you should read all together, but this was not inspiring to continue
Very good book!!!!
Was looking for something to read similar to fifty shades of grey and this was, however I wish it was longer.
I chose this rating because the book is a killer... in a good way.
That's about it.
Thank you.
It was a great little book to pass the time.
I can't wait to read the next one!
I recommend it.
Love reuniting stories.
I look forward to reading the entire series especially when they interact with other family members.
Would recommend to any romance reader.
It was and okay book. wanted to read more but what do you expect from a short story. want more
A great storyline and such a romantic book.
I may reread this one, or more of the series.
Thank you
where were the hot Mackenzie boys when i was younger... whohoo... hot hot hot.. love a romance for sure.
I would recommend this book... totally
If a guy ever left me and tried to get back to my life with a simple sorry?... uh no...
I would have dropped his ass faster then a hot potato.
And then demands to know why he was not told of his child?
When he knows very well that he was the one that left her?
I'm sorry but I couldn't finish this book... it was just too much for me to digestion
Good story so far.
Will see how it turns out .
So I wonder if she really has amnesia?
Who knows?
OH MY GOD, "DANE" I READ IT LAST NIGHT AND CAN'T GO TO SLEEP TILL FINISH IT, SUPER HOT, ROMANTIC AND NICE HISTORY.!!
I had baught this book and loved it and I have yet to buy the next one I read this book in 1 sitting and I have like fallen in love with the book wish there was more women in the book
I down loaded this book to my new kindle fire account it arrived very quickly and is an awesome book
The storyline was fine but the descriptive language was crude.
As book was listed as erotic romance I should have expected this.
Books of this length often seem incomplete.
I was wonderfully surprised to find this was not the case.
I thoroughly enjoyed the characters and their interactions.
It held my attention the whole time.
You don't want to miss this.
Highly recommended.
ENJOY.
Can't wait to read other books by this author.
This is exactly the kind of story my husband always accuses me of reading when I'm not, I prefer something with a little more substance.
The story was better suited for a full length novel, but it was clear what the intentions were here.
Read it if it's still free for Kindle.
This short story did not live up to the description.
Too fast paced & had about as much plot development as men's porn.
All sex and no story to bring meaning to the characters.
Plot of the story was good and was definitely a page turner but it was way to short.
Will continue to read the rest if the books in the series.
Wow what I wonderful book.
I've had it for months but just started reading it a few hours ago and then I couldn't put it down!!
I can't wait to read the rest of the series!
The story moved right along.
The plot was limited but sufficiently complex and involved to retain my attention to the end of the story.
Easy reading and entertainment for a few days.
I enjoyed escaping the everyday world and slipping into the story of this book.
The story was hot and steamy, I didn't realize it was a short story when I downloaded it.
It made me want more.
Finished it in less than two hours - wanted more.
Characters were good.
Looking forward to the rest of the series.
With men like the Mackenzie brothers you can't lose!
Great Tory that doesn't does get in the way of pure passion.
A quick way to ease through a sleepless night!
The "plot" is "Years ago he run away while she was pregnant from him, he got back, banged her fiercely, and they are going to live happily ever after."
The erotic scenes are pretty well written, though, and I believe for them only this "book" was written.
What a great introduction to the MacKenzie Brothers.
While it may not be everyones cup of tea, I love reading short and sexy stories as I don't always have time to read full novels.
I love that both Dane & Charlie have been thinking, and even pining, for each other for the last 10 years but are both too stubborn to admit their feelings and thoughts.
Yes, some parts you may question as to if that situation would ever really happen, but hey, it is a fictional story after all.
It's supposed to be entertaining & fun..... and it was to me!
Wished it was a little longer :)
Lived this author and book I wished it was longer.
Length if it was disappointing but over a great book for adults and mature people- fantasy life not really but a good escape from daily activities
What a great story to kick off the MacKenzie series.
I confess I read the Christmas story first, but loved this one as well.
Quick read and currently FREE!
If you like Erotic Romance, you will love this book!
And now, a little of the plot...
Dane is the local bad boy returning from Afghanistan.
All he can think of is Charlotte, who he left behind 10 years ago.
His one regret.
When his junker of a rental car breaks down he walks to the local mechanic, Charlie's Automotive.
Imagine his surprise when he finds out Charlotte owns and operates Charlie's and she is the resident mechanic.
Favorite quote: "Charlie Munroe took satisfaction as the wrench skimmed just over Dane's ear and clanged against the metal wall of the garage."Try this book out to start your motor with the MacKenzie series!
It is a hit! 8 books in total have been released ([...]), Sins and Scarlet Lace (book 9) comes out April 16th and A Kill Shot (with characters from the MacKenzie series) comes out May 14th.
Wow, Dane Mackenzie!
Althought that should say it all, I will continue.
This was a free read and I was pulled right in wanting to know all about the Mackenzie brothers.
Dane is just returning home after a 10 year absence and first thing he does is run into an old love.
The story continues and makes you want more of the Mackenzie's.
Love the interaction and relationships...
Hot ....
I truly enjoyed the book... the excitement, the passion, the romance, the action, the relationships wtih in the family.
Heading on to the next book in the series.
I picked up this book free as suggested by another that I enjoy reading.
I had not ever read Liliana Hart's books before this.
A very short book that I finished in a couple hours after which time I was hooked.
I immediately purchased the next book and the next and so forth and so on until I had read them all and was waiting impatiently for the new one to be released.
I fell in love with all the HOT Mackenzie men.
Cannot wait for the next installment.
Thank you, thank you!
These are wonderfully written.
My first foray into erotica and I didn't know what to expect.
I found the story unreal and probably won't read another.
I recently discovered that in erotica, the sex moves the story forward but I didn't find this story interesting.
First book of an awesome series.
The MacKenzies are an entire family full of sexy.
The series starts with Dane.
Trying to do what a young man thinks is right, he left the love of his life to make something of himself.
When he comes home several years later to find her still single, he is determined to win her back.
His determination triples when he finds out that when he left all those years ago...
Charlie had been pregnant with his son.
I just bought the 7th book in this series.
I love love love the MacKenzies!
If you're looking for hot...
Buy this book!
If you're looking for romance...
This book has it!
If you're looking for sexy brothers with equally sexy cousins to make a long and satisfying series...
Dane is just the beginning!
A great beginning.
I got this book as a kindle freebie, and I am so glad I gave it a try!
I quickly ordered them in paperback so that I can have them on my shelf.
The story is good, keeps you interested from the very beginning.
Plenty of heat and good solid characters.
The story flows well from book one on into the next too.
Def worth giving it a try, you cant go wrong, its free!
If you are looking for a Fifty Shades look alike.. keep moving.
I cant remember anything about the book other than the garage scene.
Another enjoyable fast read.
The characters are all likeable.
A very nice series of books set in a small town.
Another enjoyable fast read.
The characters are all likeable.
A very nice series of books set in a small town.
Dane is the first in the Mackenzie Family series by Liliana Hart.
It is sizzling hot and very naughty but lots of fun.
All the books in this series are similar.
I would have liked the story to be longer.
All the books could have had more detail but as with short stories, less detail and more action keeps you reading.
This could have been a really nice story line and I guess I should have read the title more carefully.
Erotic romance is exactly what this book is about, sex and more sex.
Not very interesting, sorry I downloaded it.
This book was filled with sex and the kind of sex that was real and exciting.
I loved the story and had a hard time putting my kindle down.
It was a fast read, well written and thought provoking.
I would read another novel by Hart.
I felt like i was in the romance story too and enjoyed myself.
I like books where they take me from the present world into another world for awhile.
I would recommend this book to adults.
Thank you,Nancy
This was a fun book.
Can't wait for the next one!
I read a lot of books and always love a new good one!
It was just too short.
I didn't realize when I downloaded this book that it was just a short story.
Enjoyed reading, very intriguing.
Story line was good, can't wait to read the other books in the series.
Hope you enjoy
This short, erotic tale of things to come sure wet my appetite.
The McKenzie brothers may prove to be just the entree I want.
With Dane's story digested, I am anxious to see if the other three brothers can sate my hunger.
Soooooo..... read this tidbit .
I am sure it will satisfy at the same time have you wanting to try another McKenzie main course.
Enjoy !
This was a quick read.
I did not like how the end of the book left you hanging a little.
Very erotic the kind I enjoy.
The story line was entertaining.
The description and the attention to detail is delightful!
Nice quick readWhen time is short... pretty steamy Read and will be reading more... by this author.
Way to go author
Upon reading the small except about this book I immediately wanted to read more.
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I would most definitely recommend this book to my friends who have similar tastes in literature as myself.
Thank you for the excellent read.
Wow what a book kept me READING longer then I thought.
I was.
But this book I am wanting more
It was free.
A plus.
Well written.
Would I look at something else from this author?
I didn't.
Was this worth my time?
I'm not complaining too much because I didn't finish it.
In all fairness, not my cup of tea...
While it was a short story it was very sexy.
Straight into the good stuff.
Perfect if you are looking for a quick read to get you hot.
Good story too fast wanted more resistance from female.
Can't wait to read book 2 .
Will be looking out for more of your publications.
Don't like how Charlie gives herself up so easily to Dane.
I am more interested in the excerpt of Thomas!
Very hot, sex scenes with a good story line.
However, I was disappointed with how short the story was.
Of course, I downloaded the rest of the Mackenzie Family books and devoured them all!
I thought this story was way too short.
It took a lot to get into it and then when it finally started to go somewhere it ended.
Good thing it was free cause I would of been upset if I spent money on it .
So much more could have been written I liked the characters but the ending came to fast there was no middle build up I know it was a novella but thought the characters deserved more
Dane was a good book it just needs to be a longer book.
Include more details and explain some more about the family.
Everything went a little fast but overall it's a good book.
I would recommend it.
It's a little to short though.
Wish it was longer.
This book was the best out of all the books I have read so far.
I do recommend this book to everyone.
It was passionate and intriguing, plus the detailed romance in this book well, just read it then you will know what I was talking about.
The author wrote this book with to manage in mind, and she did it.
Makes me want a guy like that.
At least in a fantasy world.
Read this book for sure.
It will leave you wanting more and that my friends is a good thing.
Ended too quickly for me but I loved it none the less!!
The story got good right from the beginning!
Pretty sexy material, but before I knew it, I was at the end...
I wanted more to the story, no matter how cheesy.
I love cheesy!
As is the now lately, most romance, specially short ones are nothing but disguise porn.
I failed to see the connection between those two.
E for effort.
Ok book, to short and left you up in air at end.
Don't think I'll be reading any more of these books.
It was ok for a love story, but wasn't excited over it.
Another one of her books looks as though I would like it better.
If you are looking for a short hot sexy book then read this.
Not sure if I will be getting the rest of the series.
Moving onto other books.
Loved the story can't wait to read the other books!!!
HOPE the rest of them are just as good as the first!!!
No substance.
Dane Mackenzie returns home after being gone several years; his car breaks down about one mile from town.
He walks into Charlie's Garage; surprise, it is owned by his old girlfriend, Charlotte Munroe.
Charlotte throws a wrench at Dane but before long they are at each other hot and heavy.
The scenario is repeated when Dane shows up at Charlie's ranch.
The book has absolutely nothing going for it.
This short story was so hot and so sweet!
I think the only thing I didn't like about it was Charlie sleeping with Dane so quickly (literally within minutes) after not seeing him for so long.
Other than that, it's very well-written and a beautiful tale of love lost and found again.
I highly recommend!
You won't be disappointed.
This was impossible to put down once I started.
Bit on the short side, but perfect for 'getting in the mood', if you catch my drift... lol!
There isn't much of a story, but that's not what you buy these types of books for, anyway ;)
Awesome book very good story line, and the sex was hot, can not put down kinda of book.
A MUST READ
Book was good but too short and could use more story line and not quite so much sex.
I'm not a prude and love a good love story but this wasn't much of a story -- it could have been but wasn't.
Was disappointed in the book.
A bit unrealistic but how I wish life was like this.
So simple and forgiving.
Will read more by this author.
I was a good read.
WIsh there was more story.
Glad that it worked in the end.
Can't wait for the next brothers book.
It was a good book but I ain't satisfied with the ending.
Felt incomplete.
Good detailing in the story, lots of emotions and feeling into the storyline.
I feel like this book is missing major chapters, this seems like an excerpt rather then a book..... weird, to me at least
Good book except it's way to short what does jayden have to say she should of made him beg for her and her son
I was a good read.
WIsh there was more story.
Glad that it worked in the end.
Can't wait for the next brothers book.
It was a good book but I ain't satisfied with the ending.
Felt incomplete.
Good detailing in the story, lots of emotions and feeling into the storyline.
I feel like this book is missing major chapters, this seems like an excerpt rather then a book..... weird, to me at least
Good book except it's way to short what does jayden have to say she should of made him beg for her and her son
This book was very short and left me wanting more.
Its plott was almost non-existent.
I expected to much for being free.
Wow that was one short book.
I didn't realize that before I read it.
I still enjoyed reading it.
If you are looking for a quick read this is the book for you.
It was just okay.
I was a little disconcerted with not only the short length of the story but with how quickly it moved into action.
No real build up no time for romance blab.
On the other hand I do see potential for the writer if they slow down the action and build up the suspense.
It was quite a short story, but definitely a great read.
A little corny for my taste though.
The details were romantic and sexy too.
Good story.... the Mackenzie brothers sound yummy...
I will be reading the other stories about them... a family of hot men has to keep your attention.
Just wish it had been longer.
The writing was good, but everything was resolved too easily and quickly between the characters.
Good romance!
Surprises when you least expect it and twists when you will not want it that turn out to be good...
WAO!
It started good, and then it was over.
I was so surprise when it ended, I went back to rectify it was actually over.
I LIKED it.
It had more potential though.
Gone for 10 years comes back to open arms, a child , and marriage proposal.
With no fight or drama.
I don't think so.
Not even in my fantasy reading.
Just Lame.
A short book long on passion.
The characters are developed just enough to support this runaway mine train of sensual delight.
I love the work of this Author, Keep them coming.
I like that this is a series and not a standalone book.
Was so interesting I didn't even mess around with buying individual books for this series.
I went straight for the box-set purchase.
I was searching through amazon for any free books and I came accross this book.
This short story is very juicy, but I wish it was longer.
It is worth the read.
As others have stated, I picked this up as a free read.
It has a lot of potential to be fleshed out.... would love to know more about the characters, how Jayden handles a Father coming into his life after 9 years.
And having 3 uncles.
Hoping that the other books in the series are more complete.
Love Liliana's books!
Awesomeness, could not put it down and it was an easy read and I want to read more and Looking forward to it.
I am not a reader but I couldn't put this book down.
Easy reading especially if you love romance.
I would recommend this book.
nice book to get you horny for your hubby. lol I know probably a horrible thing to say, but that's just what it was, a short story of a man that rekindles a relationship with a woman of his past, with a nice ending.
This was a good story, but too short.
Would like to have read more about the characters.
But it is a good sample to read and decide if you like the author.
I loved the whole series.
Well written and kept you wanting to read more and made you feel like a part of the family.
I liked this short story of Dane and Charlotte, the plot was decent and the writing did not disappoint.
Some cheesy dialog, but for the most part, good story development.
Worth the time.
Was a free book, so that helped too
It was a quick read-partly because the kindle makes it easy to skim past what I found to be the excessive emphasis on sex rather than plot
It was a great book and I loved it so much.
I'm afraid I can't get any other books because they cost money and whenever I get something that costs money, it comes out of my mom's account.
Overall Over it was a really good book.
Good.
But wasn't sure if the next stories were from other books are from the books of the series.
Still good short story.
Good book.
Would have liked it to be a little longer.
The short ending really left me hanging and wanting more.
57 pages.
That is like maybe two hours of reading if that.
Very little storyline.
I won't bother with anymore in th I s story line.
I have to say I was really confused when book ended.
Really that's it?
Bought first, then got boxed set, so actually have duplicate.
Steamy writing, part of a series, with good characters between set of books
This " short story" takes you on a mini journey to see if you can ever really go home.
It would have been better if it were longer.
I don't want to give anything away, but this is about a reunion that never happens and that was so disappointing .
The build up was good, but the let down was hard.
Not a bad read, just disappointing.
This story is way to short and unbelievable.
Their is no character development .
I'm left feeling Dane is full of himself, taking off for 10 years and things being just as they were when you get home wtf.
And Charlie is a sex starved pushover, few orgasms and she'll forgive Dane for leaving her.
And how does jayden respond to a dad he's never met and an extended family his mom kept hidden from him.
Could we get an explanation on Riley's response to seeing his brother.
Left with to many questions changing from 3 stars to 2
I like the writing of this author and I do like to read novellas to sample different authors.
If you see that the book is only 52 pages then you can determine that this is a novella and not a full blown novel.
Check out the reviews before you read.
I really liked the book, just wish there was another one to follow this one.
Telling us if she was expecting his number two child.
And if he did stay with her.
And how the son delt with him.
Good, Quick Read.
I tend to like longer books usually, so that took away a star.
And the ending blows.
I am all for leaving the reader guessing a little so that the other books in a series will be bought and read.
But this was ridiculous.
It just ended without any build-up to the next book.
Not worth it even for free.
I realize there is a series.
This book was too short and it does make you want to read the rest of the series, but it was boring
Could not put it down the resin I picked this book is because I really love romance books..
I could not put it down the author did a really good job..
This was a good short book ... it kept me very interested the whole time ... keep up the good work
It was a beauty of a short story .
All though I wish there was more , the love and passion in this was just great.
I honestly loved this book
Don't read this if you aren't into description!
I like how Liliana Hart writes!
She gets her story across and does it with flair and style.
If you like erotica you can read on the run, this is the book (series!) for you!
Not very realistic but very good sex scenes.
A good short read for when you have nothing else to do.
It's a fast read and I can't wait to read the rest of the brothers stories!
It was very nicely done!
It is a good book will but the rest of the series.
It was short and to the point but kept you interested.
There are amazing images for your brain to conjure up.
But it is what it is a Romance Novella so it gets directly to the point.
There's just enough story to make believe your not reading smut.
This story is genuinely pure female porn.
The story was ok, but left you hanging like a good looking blind date that never calls back.
I hope this is only a intro for the writer?
Ten years of betrayal resolved in ten pages.
This could have an outstanding story line with great sexy scenes.
It was unrealistic and hurried.
Dane is a total waste of time.
It's too short, not developed well, and appears to be an attempt to write sexy scenes as opposed to writing a novel or novella.
I'm sorry I didn't check other reviews before reading it.
Even as a free Kindle book, it wasn't worth it.
Love the book very erotic best book ever llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllove t he it it it it it it it it it
Loved it, very sexy.
Sweet and entertaining.
Excited to read more by this author.
Glad that Charlie decided to give Dane a chance.
Like everyone else says the plot was a little less believable and for the Erotic part(s) they where not so erotic.
I did like the storyline no matter how unbelievable it was because it is a book after all, and isn't that the whole point to a book that the goal/dream is just that?
No complaining on my part there.
On to the Erotic- it does have its erotic moments but I didn't find it that erotic.
I would call that good old fashioned vanilla and plain.
I thought it was going to have more hot and steamy scenes, something I could sink my teeth into but alas no...
I know that this isn't suppose to be some bdsm book but darn couldn't the sex be heated up more/graphic/spontaneous?
Overall it wasn't a bad book, just not what I expected.
Very well at keeping one interested. liked it!
Ad enjoyed the suspense of the next moment.
I would recommend it.
I like the story and would read this author again.
This author is the best.
Her stories are really good.
I guess I expected more of a story.
I know it's erotic romance, but really I wanted more of a plot.
If you want just straight, steamy erotic scences, then go for it.
If you want some semblance of a story, a plot, character development .... pass!
I was shocked about the ending.
But it wasn't too bad a story.
I really like the compassion.
It's a good read.
Dane was respectable in take care of his own. the sexual touches between him and charlie were very very real
Once upon a time, all we men had our fantasies of being irresistible eye candy to the female population, but now that my "six pack" stomach has become a keg, its nice to read stories like this and remember when!
A lot of hot sex, but not enough character and relationship building.
What happens when Hayden meets Dane, his father?
The story was awesome in so many ways it's indescribable.
It's a true romance story and I felt it to my core, the steamy sex scenes helped also.
Great read!
I didn't like that this book was so short.
I think she could have continued it for a few more chapters.
Other than that it was an excellent book.
i will definately need to read the next books in order to feel like i have even read a book. good beginning, then it stops.
i will definately need to read the next books in order to feel like i have even read a book. good beginning, then it stops.
Okay book - just not long enough.
Dane had an interesting story but it ended too quickly.
I thank you for your putting out books for us to read.
The book was ok.
It went a little too fast.
I think the story line lacked and was totally unrealistic.
I love this book it keeps you interested it makes you hope that even though he left he could still get the girl he left behind
Intriguing !
Well articulated by Lillian Hart.
I really enjoyed reading every section of this book a whole lot .
Cannot wait to find out about the other brothers.
This whole family makes it difficult for any female to stop loving them or even reading about them.
i downloaded this book to try out my kindle and was pleasantly surprised. it is a typical romance but did a good job at keeping me interested.
I found this book a great read.
The only thing that I found wrong is it was short it moved very fast could have used more suspense
Love the book.
Keep up the great story.
Love how you bring all the brothers into each book.
Thank you!
Pretty. much a sex book, period lol.
I read it in ten minutes and it was. okay, three sex scenes mashed together with a tiny backstoryI
I realize it being an Erotic Romance that there was no need to go into the family side of it anymore, but the way it ends just kinda sucks in my opinion.
There were so many other things that could have been done with the storyline.
Altogether it was a good, good story, good writing, good read, my only issue is with the ending.
I guess if that's my only issue then you know it's a pretty good book.
I give it 4 stars, I would give it 5, but I'm still kinda mad and obsessing over the ending. lol
I liked the book but I it was to short.
I wish the author went on little more.
I would like to know what happened when Dana meet his son for the first time
Omg.
This is a good short story.
Love is in the air.
I love happy ending when everything comes together.
Dane was a fast and refreshing read.
It was well written and I enjoyed the quick wit of the title character s and I can't wait to check out the other Mackenzie brothers story's
Just when you think u know what's coming bam it's not just love this book!
Sex and more sex,Just :-)
A short story that has it all.
A little romance, some drama and of course the hot and heavy bed, tub and desk rocking.
Entertaining book but was a bit short.
Would have liked the story to continue a bit longer.
Overall I enjoyed the reading.
Thank you.
Dane was a very steamy and sexy book.
Very fun and quick read.
I would recommend if you are into erotic novels.
The story line seemed to be rushed.
The story did not have enough suspense and was too short.
I would not recommend to a friend.
Lilliana Hart is a great author.
Enjoyed it so much wanted to read the next book on the next brother.
A wonderful story, plot, characters so beautifully described... but it's so short.
It made me wonder what happened after she agreed to the marriage an the child.
I thought it was a good story line and had a lot of potential but was to short and incomplete.
Loved it.... good story.,would recommend to my friends as well.
Thats it not anhyghing else to say about it...
I am just
The characters express their "eternal love" for each other with quickie sex minutes after a ten year separation.
Later that same night, they talk over their serious life issues and life changing decisions between orgasms.
Really!??
The storyline is terrible.
In this novella, bad boy, Dane MacKenzie, is coming home to Surrender, Montana.
It's been ten years since he left the woman he loved behind to make a name for himself, and now he's bound and determined to claim her once and for all.
But Charlotte Munroe has no desire to welcome home the Prodigal Son with a fatted calf.
The bitterness of Dane's betrayal runs deep, and she has no plans of letting him back into her life.
Especially since she's trying to protect the son Dane isn't aware exists from heartbreak, since she's sure he's only going to walk out of their lives again.
Breana..
My daughter actually gave me a kindle for chrsitmas.
I started out with this book .
It was fast and exciting, pulled on your heart strings too.
It just wasnt long enough.. i need more..
It's nothing but sex hawt sweaty sex!!
Nice story line as well!!
But man the sex was off the hook!!!
I kept thinking whoa their going at it again !!!
Lmao but it's a good read for free!!
This was a great story .
And a good short read.
Kept you wanting to turn the page for more.
Good read.
Characters are fully developed and work well in the story line.
Hard to put down, found myself wishing the book was longer!
This itty-bitty story, the first in the MacKenzie Brothers Quartet series, does exactly what it intends to do.
It arouses and ravishes.
But wait!
There's more.
If you buy now, you get a sweet little story to go along with the sex-ery.
Seriously, this short story is a real pleasure and LH's writing is so crisp, she's won a new fan.
I'll be reading more from this author.
It's nothing but sex hawt sweaty sex!!
Nice story line as well!!
But man the sex was off the hook!!!
I kept thinking whoa their going at it again !!!
Lmao but it's a good read for free!!
This was a great story .
And a good short read.
Kept you wanting to turn the page for more.
Good read.
Characters are fully developed and work well in the story line.
Hard to put down, found myself wishing the book was longer!
This itty-bitty story, the first in the MacKenzie Brothers Quartet series, does exactly what it intends to do.
It arouses and ravishes.
But wait!
There's more.
If you buy now, you get a sweet little story to go along with the sex-ery.
Seriously, this short story is a real pleasure and LH's writing is so crisp, she's won a new fan.
I'll be reading more from this author.
This book has the erotic and the romance just as it says in the title.
Liliana Hart doesn't lose sight of either of the two in her descriptions, unlike other books in this genre that either get solely erotic or romantic at a point.
If you love a good "EROMANTIC" read, try this book out
I wish it was longer but it was great!
Both books were great I would like to read more by her.
I liked this book a lot it was romantic and showed that no amount of time or distance can stop the love between two people.
I do not like this book at all.
Too rushed.
Cover looks good but content is so ...
Well not what I liked to read.
Good thing it was free.
That was sweet and hot!
How many of us have mistakes we have made?
True Love last forever.
Can't wait to read the next one.
I love to troll the free books and see what I can find, and I can say I was not disappointed in this book by Liliana Hart.
The first in a series about 4 brothers from a small town in Montana, Dane starts the series off right.
The prodigal brother returning, after Charlotte thought it was finally safe to come back home.
Dane broke her heart when he left Surrender and she is not just going to welcome him home without him proving that he deserves her love.
The back and forth between the two, coupled with the heat and attraction, keeps the action moving.
I was hooked on the brothers and bought the boxed set the get the whole story.
The MacKenzies Boxed Set (The MacKenzie Family) You can get this and the fifth book A MacKenzie Christmas (Contemporary Romance) Book 5 (The MacKenzie Family) for free, but you might as well buy the whole set and settle in and get to know the MacKenzie family.
:).
I really enjoyed reading and would recommend to others.
Easy read if you are short on time.
Thumbs up
Even though the premise of the book is promising, Ms. Hart takes what might be a good story and crams it into a little over 100 pages.
Everything in the book is rushed and I'm sorry, but to think that a woman would take back a man that impregnated her and left her without a word years ago is going to completely take him back within a few hours time is TOTALLY preposterous.
Boring.
Would not waste your time reading.
Pass up this book at all costs.
Try another novel that is written better.
I really loved this story.
I needed more.
I would have loved to see the story unfold as Dane got to know his son and the course until their wedding day.
But this was great.
I enjoyed it from the beginning to end.
Just the right amount of heat to keep me interested.
I loved the characters all four of the Mackenzie bothers and even Charlie.
It was a nice short read lots of sex but no real true story line played out.
It was basically a wam bam thank you ma'am type of book.
The story was very slow.
The characters never really developed.
This book had possibility, it just was to non committed to anything.
Story for the more mature romance reader.. contains descriptions andwords that might shock ... situations unrealistic ...
But a quick and enjoyable read.
This book was just the right amount of hot and steamy with romance.
I absolutely recommend this books to my friends.
It`s a good book to read after a had hard at work.
Felt the book ended to quickly, was just really getting into it and it just finished, felt cheated by the author.
I'm not a big reader, but Once I started reading this book it was hard to put it down.
Can't wait to finish the collection.
great quick read.... couldn't put it down.... couldn't wait to see if dane ended up with charlie..... love reading book series that follow families.
Very little erotica, not particularly well-written.
Try it out if you can find it for free, but otherwise save your money.
Great story.
Can't wait to start book 2 I think I've fallen in love with Dane myself.
Could read again
I like the book.
The storyline was good.
It was hot and sexy like the cover.
The characters were good. i would read more of her books
A very short, but good book.
Just wish it was a little bit longer.
With lot of fast sex with no holding back
I picked this up as part of Amazon free read of the day.
I didn't know what to expect, since it was recommended to me by Amazon.
I loved it.
I am a huge fan of Alpha males and their stories.
I quickly became entranced in the story and found myself loving the dynamic between Dane and Charlie.
I read it quickly and knew I wanted to get the rest of the series ASAP.
Could not wait to see what would happen with the rest of the brothers.
Liliana Hart has become one of my favorite authors in this genre.
I am looking forward to any other stories she puts out.
Great read!!!!
Dane by Lilana HartDane and CharlotteOk... for starters, those of you that gave this a bad review because it was "too short," pull your heads out of your %$!@#%'s...
The first sentence of the synopsis says it's a Novella... don't know what it means??? look it up doofis people!!!
Here it is: Short Novel: a fictional prose work that is longer than a short story but shorter than a novel...
While it was short (a. k. a. novella) I found it full of wonderful, exciting stuff!!!
If you read all the MacKenzie books, it's quite a story.
Dane just happens to be the opener to a wonderful "novella" series!!!!
I read all of them a long time ago, but never reviewed any of them... so I'm back to rereading and reviewing!!!
I was moved by this novella right from the start...
I just know all the MacKenzie's are going to rock my world!!!
This one is free so you've got nothing to lose by picking it up.. but trust me when I tell you... you're gonna want the rest of them...
There's really not anything too dark in this one, but there is a few skeletons coming out of the closet that need to be dealt with!!
Dane and Charlotte really were great characters with an awesome history to build on.
I loved all the sexual banter between them!
I was glad to see the introduction of all the MacKenzie brothers!
Can't wait to get to the rest of these Novellas!!!
The book was VERY fast paced and never left me hanging!!
Moving onto Thomas's book... catch you all on the flipside of Surrender Montana!!!5 stars!
This book left me wanting more.
As others said it was so fast, and the sex so hot.
It was a good read, but I would have liked it to be a bit longer.
She did not have too forgive him so quickly.
It was a great book,from start to finish... it was just way way to short!
I wanted more of Dane and Charlie
Pretty good short story.
I would read more from this author.
Preview of the next story also seems to be good.
This book left me wanting more.
As others said it was so fast, and the sex so hot.
It was a good read, but I would have liked it to be a bit longer.
She did not have too forgive him so quickly.
It was a great book,from start to finish... it was just way way to short!
I wanted more of Dane and Charlie
Pretty good short story.
I would read more from this author.
Preview of the next story also seems to be good.
I really liked the book but for me it was to short.
I think the story should of lasted longer, let Dane get to know his son and let his brothers get to know him, see if Charlie ends up pregnant and have them get married.
Good short read.
Had fun with the McKenzie men.... would like more, please.
What more can you ask then entertainment?
That is all.
This is a first Liliana Hart book for me, it was a great read.
I enjoyed the story and the characters.
Great book.
Loved every word of it!
I couldn't stop reading page after page.
Definitely going to get the others to read too!!
I read this book in about an hour good book but dirtier than I usually read may not be for an older person.
If you like romance.. this read has it along with bonus excerpt from more of the author..
Makes you want to read one more
I have read many types of romance books and even more about about relationships the I wish to admit to, but I will say this book needs work.
I enjoyed the story line and the love story idea, yet there was not any of that.
The story was about some sexy coming and having sex.
It is all about that and the details were confusing.
I felt I was reading a book on how to have sex rather than a love story.
The ending was disappointing.
They see each other for one day after ten years and then get married...
That just doesn't happen and shouldn't have happened.
I feel bad for Jayden.
I thought this short book was great.
It definitely got me going and my husband loved that.
I definitely think you should read it!
This was a very sexual story, but was too short.
But w as good.
Looking for more stories by Liliana
This was and interesting book.
Short, sweet, and to the point.
Not 100% sure I liked it.
It has a lot of similarities to The McKade brothers series by Nora Roberts and that bothered me a bit.
It was a good story tho.
Good book wish it was longer felt like I finished it to soon.
But that's not always a bad thing.
Worth getting and reading you won't be disappointed.
This book was great, just what the mind needed on a ride to work.
I highly recommend this author.
I am a new fan.
You get what you paid for and less.
It is meant as a teaser to get you to purchase the rest of the series.
It wasn't awful, so I will probably buy the rest of the series some day.
Write this was not what I was expecting when I started this short read.
Intense passion and believable story line... makes me want to wake up the hubby
I thought there would be more story.
This would be a much better story if it was a story and not lumped up sex scenes, it had a good line and should have been thought out more.
I would recommend this book if you want to read an arousing, heart warming short story.
Can't wait to read the next one.
Very good book couldn't stop reading it!!!
It's very erotic and intense can't wait to see how it will end!!!!
I didn't like romance books but I like this one.
I would keep reading these books.
Molina good writer.
Great book
The book wAs good but I wished that it was a little longer.
It definitely wAs good but it had little more story.
A quick start to the brothers.
Dane and Charlotte's story is heartwarming .
A love that never ends!!
Recommend it highly.
Short but good reading for a Saturday afternoon!
If you want a quick read this is the book for you.....
So far I'm enjoying this book.
Excited to see what kind of situations the brothers will get themselves into.
Good book so far.
This was the first time I read this author.
Good book but way too short.
I would read another one of her books.
Good book, but was finished reading too quickly.
Looking forward to reading the second book.
When you start reading you cannot put it down until it is finished.
I was a little disappointed the story was very short.
There was a lot that could of been told.
It was a good story and I am glad that she will write more about The Mackenzie's.
It is definitely an adult book.
I love this books I thank it was a good book ...... .
I hope you will read this books
I liked it but I am really looking forward to reading the Thomas book of the series.
This one was really a good quick read.
I liked it but I am really looking forward to reading the Thomas book of the series.
This one was really a good quick read.
Ok if you want read about sexual experiences this is great book.
I like a story with some romance not just sex.
I am always willing to give the free books a chance, haven't gotten to read this one yet but I can't wait.
It looks cute.
This was a story that had a l lot of potential to be great.
But way too short.
I would have loved to see Dane meet his son, Jayden.
It could have done wonderfully as a full length novel.
It would have been better to see a little groveling from Dane and earning his way back into Charlotte and Jayden 's lives.
Throw in a little life saving action and it could have gone a long way to being great.
Seriously, my only complaint is that it was too darn short.
I loved it.
Short and sweet!!
I can hardly wait for book 2.
I know it's gonna be good!!
WAITING,,,,,,,,
This was my first time reading a book by this author.
I liked it.
I can't wait to read the nexat book.
It was sexy and sometimes, that's what we're in the mood for.
I recommend this book.
I read it in 2hrs.
It said it had about 1300pgs. but I went back and counted it was only 70.
Great book did not want to end but confused why it so short.
Am not sure why this is called a romantic read!
Awful book.
No substance, no story telling.
Was very glad there was no charge as would have been annoyed to have wasted my money!
A little too fast.
The characters had great potential but the story was too short to really build on them.
Charlie's character forgave way too quickly for anyone to believe.
A short story I received as a freebie from Amazon, being on my shelf for a long time.
But I am glad that I got to it.
We met Dane, a journalist coming home after ten years of absences.
To the one woman, Charlotte he always loved.
Their meeting was explosive lustful but yet so sweet that you feel your heart pull for them both.
Hoping that they could settle their differences and become one again.
Fast pace everything happened quickly.
The growing love coming together in a breathless whisper.
Strong characters, each with their own abilities, strengths and past to deal with complimenting each other.
Willing to pass the hurdles and making it work.
Not the greatest it was ok but that's all there really is to say its mostly just fluff not really a book
This book is great reading I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves to read books in their spare time.
Awesome book.. just wish it was longer.. very definitely recommend the complete series.
Will continue to read authors books.
Five stars from this reader
Very good fast read.
Can not wait to read the rest of the series.
I have a new favorite author
It was very good.
I enjoyed every bit of it..
I would recommend it to anyone who wants to read this book.
I enjoyed the story but it seemed rushed.
I wish it was dragged out more, the entire story took place in less then 1 day.
I did enjoy the story line and the characters were well written.
Sex scenes were hot.
Sexy, intense, up-to-date with new trendy books of this age.
One of the best I've read lately, wish it lasted longer.
It was a good readI wish there could be more.
What was their sons reaction and what happens after his book is done????????
This was a good book but could have went so much farther then just the sex.
How did the son react to fathers return.
Great and very sensual !
Enjoyed it very much.
I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys erotic romance! 5 stars!
Throughly enjoyed this book.
I thought it was a bit too short but am lokking forward to reading the rest of the series.
Didn't really like this one.
Good writing but not my style.
Someone else out ther might like it though.
Thanks
I love how he got Charlotte back and is now engaged.
That's cute.
I loved the book.
It was amazingly awesome
Ok.
Not good not bad....... short story.
Not much to it was expecting a little more even if it was freeShortly story
This was s GOOD novel.... and very sexy... really enjoyed the end but was not done reading ..... would have loved to keep on going.
This book keeps you tied to it until you've finished the whole book, it makes you want to read all of the other books of the series, this series is a real showstopper and will leave you breathless.
If you are OK with explicit sex scenes, this is a good read.
I enjoyed it.
You will probably enjoy it too.
Pretty good read. kept my attention the entire time. follows through on bringing the Mackenzie family rolling along which was nice.
Could have been longer. would like to have seen more about the characters relationship.
Less fill in.
But good read the
Ive read similar books but this one tugs at your heart a little more.
I wish it was longer and told about dane and his relationship with his son but over all i liked it!
Good book with spicy love scenes.
It is a true love story with lots of romance.
I recommend it to anyone that wants a good short read
I'm not the biggest fan of erotic books.
This one was semi-well-written if you want a short jump without any emotional attachment to the characters to make the sex more meaningful...
When I downloaded this story, I was hoping for more romance in this romance novel, but got mostly sex.
I'd say about 50% of this book is non-romantic sex, which might appeal to some people but not to me.
Major short story.
I didn't realize how short the book was prior to reading.
This is a 'feel good' story - as I call it.
The happily-ever-after story without reservations.
We follow Dane back home to Montana.
He left home at a young age to explore his possibilities in life.
His mother died - leaving behind Dane and his siblings.
Dane also left behind Charlotte.
The one true love he want to claim again.
Charlotte left town when Dane left her high and dry.... so to speak.
After rolling into town and having his car break down - Dane heads to the mechanic shop.
He find none other than Charlotte - underneath a car - is the mechanic in town.
Charlotte - aka 'Charlie'- gives Dane the cold shoulder.
That however - is temporary.
The two end up rekindling there romance right there in her office.
Charlotte is determined that Dane will not sway her and leaves him at the garage.
Dane calls his brother - who picks him up and they go to the local bar to meet all of their siblings.
In the bar - Dane is chatting with the waitress - and old friend - and she talks about her son's sleepover.
She shared that Charlotte's son is also there.
The minute the waitress mentions the 9yr old boys - Dane is taken aback.
After punching one of his brothers in frustration - Dane tells them to 'do the math' - Charlotte's son is his son!
Dane takes his brother's car to Charlotte's house.
They fall into bed together.
He tells her that he wants to marry her and become the father to the son he did not know he had.
The author has a great writing style and should have made this into a novel.
The sex scenes were a little over the top and the way it ended was too abrupt.
It's an okay read if you're not looking to remember anything.
It was one of those books that you just can't put down no matter how hard you try!
Absolutely amazing!!
It was a touching story.
I cried for a good five minutes after reading it.
If only life was really like that.
It so hard finding love like that.
So I give it a five
Not what I expected.
Everything was direct and to the point.
Needed to be longer.
We will see about number 2.
The book was good.
The storyline was great.
The book got right to the heart of the story.
I would recommend book if u want something short to read.
Absolutely Amazing and heart warming this book was both steaming and emotional major jaw dropper two thumbs up 5 stars
I read this book in two days.
I wish it was longer with more conflict with the characters.
Over all though it was good.
I got attached to the protagonist and wanted to follow his life.
A prequel of their young relationship would be great.
Not too bad.
Held my interest but wouldn't read it again.
It wasn't the type of book that I couldn't put down but it was one I wanted to finish.
I have really enjoyed it is so good and will get my friends to read it great love story and love making
This was the first book I got for my Kindle.
This was better then I thought it would be.
It had me from the beginning.
Needed more sex parts and it needed to be longer.
I wish I knew what happened with him and his son
DANE....
A man who knows what he wants and doesn't stop until he gets it... all of it!!
It made we want to meet the rest of the Mackenzie men!!
A great read!!! :-)
Amazing.
The relationship between Dane ans Charlotte was heartfelt and emotional.
Not to mention their physical relationship as well. a great read.
Considering it is free, it is worth the read.
Quick read, less than an hour.
Short and to the point.
I wish it would have ben a little longer but I love this book and the way it was wrote!
The story was very easy to follow.
But left me curious on how the family dynamic will flow.
Will their son accept their relationship...
The story was very easy to follow.
But left me curious on how the family dynamic will flow.
Will their son accept their relationship...
I really did enjoy reading the book but did not like the ending at all could have been better !
If you crave lust, lies and love then this is the book for you.
Dane's rough and rugged exterior can't compare to his love torn heart.
You will find yourself lusting after this character.
You may find your own happy ending.
Which isn't a bad thing, I just feel everything happened to quick!
I would have preferred a more in depth story.
I felt like the story was too short.
Ten years have passed since the characters last saw each other and were hurt, yet they were able to sleep with each other on the first night.
Cute story but I wish it could have lasted longer.
Great bookWould recommend it for everyone to read.
THIS BOOK ONCE you start you can't put it down.
Excellent
Story very good but not long enough.
Did they live happily ever after?
What was Jaydens reaction to finally having a dad?
Completely moving and sexy in every way!
I'm a sucker for rekindled love and this is a hot and steamy reunion!
Dane and Charlie will steal your heart
I would recommend this book.
It was a good story with good romance and written with good detail.
The characters were interested.
I would've liked to see more interaction with Dane and the little boy.
Their meeting would have been nice to see.
Was okay but would enjoy more detail in the storyHopefully more detail in the brothers stories.
Will read the others to finish series
Really good romance.
Wish there was more.
Would like for read more of what happens.
Williams seems to have true life romance in mind.
Too cheesy there was very little conflict.
Everything worked out super quick.
It was like reading a sitcom.
Not my favorite
This was a free book so i thought why not.
The story and character development are good for a free book though
The story wasn't bad, though it felt a little cliche', and rushed.
The chick was pretty pissed at Dane and I don't blame her, but she went from pissed to accommodating right quick.
Of course, I've never had a totally smoking hot ex start to strip in front of me so who knows if I'da done the same thing-lol.
I loved the emotion, it brought tears to my eyes.
And the sexy scenes were amazing!
Definitely a good read.
Really enjoyed this.
Will read more of this series.
Loved the characters and small town living.
Fast paced but worth the read.
I chose this book because it was a long time since I have read a good romance book, I never read Erotic Romance and thought it will be good to try.
It was a great decision and the book was so intense with passion and life.
I will certainly recommend this book to my friends who are also big romance book lovers.
Thank you for giving housewives a way to escape the everyday norm of cooking, cleaning, children, and bills.
I will adding this book to my personal library and my new section will be Erotic Romance.
Looking forward to reading/listening to more of your books.
It's a no-depth, cookie cutter romance.
I should have known better.
It's always a clue when two people are "in love" by chapter two.
I enjoyed the writing itself, but I was sorely disappointed in the lack of plot development.
I was shocked by the few pages and easy hurtle faced by the main characters.
Then again, it was free.
While I enjoyed the sex scenes, the plot was very clichéd and the characters highly unrealistic.
One moment Charlie is writhing in fury at Dane's appearance, but the next (after a bit of sweet-talking and "I never stopped loving you" nonsense), she's weak in the knees and his for the taking.
Only in porn, folks!
The ending is predictable and the plot, even worse.
I would only recommend DANE because it is a free read.
Even at that, only for the frequent sex scenes.
The story itself isn't anything worth following.
This story was good but it was so short that it was far fetched.
Charlotte wouldn't have forgiven so fast!
Well written and very sexy characters!!!!
Thinking about moving to Montana now ;) Can't wait to read more about these Mackenzie boys!!!!
Wonderful writing, very exotic.
You will read this book in one sitting; there is no way to put it down.
This book isn't written as well as I thought it would be.
It's very short, I expected it to be more than just 30 pages.
i know its a novella but geez... the relationship was light warp speed . . . . . . . .
This book was the first I read on my Kindle.
It was wonderful and ordered more of these books because they were so interesting.
Short read too much to actually happen in one day.
Needs time added and more information to make a better read.
This is one is the best fast reads I've read in long time.... it's very mushy and vanilla but still very enjoyable
Really enjoyed every burning minute of this book, but it was too short.
Can't wait to read the other books.
I was disappointed in this book.
It was not much of a plot, but it had a lot of sex.
I can't recommend Dane.
I Enjoyed this book can't wait for the rest of the series.
The romance was enjoyable.
Love stories like this one is forever wanted everywhere.
Very short book!!!!!!!!!!!!
Only took thirty minutes to readVery very very very very very short book very very very
Story was okay.
Too short... lots of sex.. not enough story line to make s good book.
Needed more story
this short novel really got my attention based that it has a hook or a attention grabber in it which can be easily get the person in continuing reading.
It is a a good read with all of the erotic scenes.
Good book .................
Good book ......... gooV v v v v v vBulletin v Chubb v vBulletin Chubb v v v
Fast paced and kept the reading flowing.
Too short in content.
I would have enjoyed more text.
I would recommend this book.
Filled with hope and love.
Kept me involved.
I read it in thirty minutes.
It was awesome. just wish it was a little longer
I really like the book.
However it is incomplete it still says I'm only a 76 per cent and it brought me to the review page.
I would like to have at least gotten to read about Dane and Charlie's son's first meeting.
Wow... lives up to its name... really an erotic romance.
I would recommend this book to read.
Download was quick and easy.
Filled with hope and love.
Kept me involved.
I read it in thirty minutes.
It was awesome. just wish it was a little longer
I really like the book.
However it is incomplete it still says I'm only a 76 per cent and it brought me to the review page.
I would like to have at least gotten to read about Dane and Charlie's son's first meeting.
Wow... lives up to its name... really an erotic romance.
I would recommend this book to read.
Download was quick and easy.
This book is for anyone who likes a good love story or romance story.
It is great and keeps your interest.
Too short but great scenes!
Can't wait to see what the next book brings to Surrender.....
Hats off to the authors!
Enjoyed this book VERY much, I LOOK forward to reading MANY more of her books, can not wait to download more .
This is a must read.
One of my favorites!
Could read it over and over again!
A must read!
McKenzie boys!
Kept my interest.
I wanted Charlotte to put up more of a fight to make Dane.
Make him prove that he wanted her and their son
I just wished there was more story.
I can't really say more without it being a spoiler.
All in all it was a good read.
this book was interesting enough to read all the way through but not enough to b added to my collection. good but not fantastic. worth a read tho
I wasn't expecting this book to be much since it's free but it was actually a good read.
There wasn't a lot of plot but enough to let you know what was going on.
It's about a girl who gave her heart to the love of her life but then he left taking her heart with him.
Dane tries his hardest to tell Charlotte that he didn't want to leave but she doesn't believe him she just wan'ts to protect her heart and her secrets from the one man she loves the most
Sexy and romantic, Ready to read about the rest of the Mackenzie men and the town they grew up in.
As a short story, I loved this and wish it had been longer.
I prurchased the boxed set as I knew if Dane was this hott, his brothers would probably be equally so.
I would recommend this as a quick read to anyone who has loved and lost but have very fond memories of that time in their life.
Hope you will enjoy.
Very sexy & erotic from start to finish.
I wanted more and plan picking up some more books by Liliana Hart.
I wasn't expecting it to be so short, and covering only 1 day.
Too much happened too fast.
The story was just too good to be true.
I had just downloaded the kindle app on my phone and wanted to download a freebie or two to get the hang of it.
This is not a page turner, but passed the time while getting my car serviced!
The book was good, not amazing but good.
The characters are believable but the author does not get deep enough into their background.
The book was too short and wished there was more to the story
Short and sweet story about young love lost and found again.
As always I wish it was longer.
I am definitely going to pick up the rest of this series.
That was a great story..
I mean i hate the fact that it was so short but all thay romance sure paid off <3
This book was a really good read, wish that it would have been longer and maybe a bit more of a struggle between the two main characters, but all in all it was okay.
Totally enjoyed this quick read.
Very well written, paced just right and hot, hot, hot.
Good job and kodo's to the author.
Very Very short and an easy read with alot of passion in such a short book.
Leaves you wanting another book to finish it.
This book was TERRIBLE!
The story line that was presented in the description made this book seem so promising and really good.
But it all goes down hill after about the first 10 pages.
I mean there was absolutely NO character development, a rushed story line, an unrealistic chain of events, and sex.
I mean Charlie has sex with Dane the minute she sees him, at first she's "upset" and the next he's banging her in a garage!
Dane figures out that Charlie has a child and the child is automatically his!
I mean seriously?
He doesn't know if she's had previous partners before however he concludes the kid is his?!
I just thought this book was a load of crap--look don't waste your time reading this book it's not worth the time because you'll pick it up and probably put it back down after reading it for two minutes.
This story is supposedly about a woman who was left heartbroken, alone and pregnant.
She will never forgive the guy who left her.
Suddenly and out of the blue they have sex again.
I am sorry.
This story is as stupid as a porn movie's.
good read wouldn't mind him in my backyard and was entertaining and could pick it back up without forgetting story
Its a good read, lots of passion in it but it leaves you wanting to know more of the story.
I like this book, and thought that it had the potential to be a full length novel instead of a short story.
The back story of the two leads was interesting and well written.
Not havng read any of the others in the series, i'm unsure how/if the ****SPOILER ALERT*** relationship between the lead male and his son develops but hope it does get explored. i am looking forward to reading the rest of the books.
bringing them together was a great story. when people are apart and their love lasts for that long, there's nowhere they should be but together
I wanted this book to be longer!
It was really good though and I would read it again.
I just wish there was more!
This book, "Dane" was a book that was easy to read, but it was extremely short.
I felt that there was no real story - just a lot of sex.
This book, "Dane" was a book that was easy to read, but it was extremely short.
I felt that there was no real story - just a lot of sex.
This was a great book and I intend to read the rest of the series.
Can't wait to read the rest
Absolutely excellent reading.
I couldn't put it down once I started reading it.
Definitely reading the rest of her works.
Nice steamy, short read.
I like my books to last a bit longer but you have the rest in the series to keep to going.
Do yourself a favor and buy the 5 book series together so u save some money.
Your going to want to the the rest anyhow.
Although there was a plot, it was too wham bam thank you ma'm for me.
I would say it would be better qualified as a short story.
I guess I'm not old school enough too qualify it as erotic.
In my opinion, it doesn't qualify for that genre.
Over all I did enjoy the book, but would have preferred a longer more involved plot.
I look forward to reading more books by the author.
I wish there had been more to the story.
All in all it was worth reading.
I will read more from this author.
I wish it could have been longer but it was a great read.
Looking forward to reading about the brothers.
Easy reading, decent story, I liked the characters.
I did not feel like reading the sequels but thought it was good
Was expecting a little more romance, not just porno... but still going to read the other SHORT stories in this series
Quite enjoyable but I would have liked a little more angst and character depth to really get into the characters.
Was expecting a little more romance, not just porno... but still going to read the other SHORT stories in this series
Quite enjoyable but I would have liked a little more angst and character depth to really get into the characters.
Very good.
Fast reading, couldn't put it down.
I was so dissappointed that it was over so quickly.
I wanted to pick up the next book immediately.
Thank You Liliana!
Dane could give Christian Gray a run for his money.
A great story of a couple reuniting with the same love and heat they left off from when they grew their own way still thinking of one another.
This was a good story, but it was over waaaay too soon.
I didn't realize it was a short story til I was 75% done, but that is my fault.
But it is well written and had a good story line so over all I really liked it :)
Good overall romance with a desire to keep reading.
Liliana has a sense of understanding how the human body reacts to need and desire.
Good novella, too short.
I would have liked more story.
Too much sex too fast..... but overall good read.
B-
The book was very fast moving and good.
I wanted to se what would happen next.
Can not wait to read the rest of the books about the brothers.
I read this and was so ready to finish but sadly it was not the whole book.
It really upset me.
Really great read, better than I expected it to be.
Great for a trip.
Can't wait to read more of the series.
Really great read, better than I expected it to be.
Great for a trip.
Can't wait to read more of the series.
Yes I would recommend this book.
Hot steamy and way to short.
Would love to hear more about Dane and Charlie.
Feel the need to get the sample of book 2.
Quick read:)
I LIKED IT...
BUT JUST TOO SHORT....
MIGHT READ THE OTHERS IF THEY ARE FREE AS WELL.
THE NEXT BOOK IN THE SERIES WILL PROBABLY MAKE MORE SENSE OF THIS BOOK.
THIS WAS A PERFECT EROTIC FANTASY.
I LOOK FORWARD TO READING MANY MORE OF LILIANA'S STORIES.
SPECIFICALLY THE ONES WITH MACKENZIE BROTHERS OR THEIR FAMILY LOL.
Enjoyed the characters and descriptiveness of the book.
Would enjoy reading more from this author.
Recommend this book to anyone .
Another quick read book from Amazon free for kindle users.
I like the story although it was so short there was little development.
Yes erotic romance so know what you are reading but a feel good book.
This book was unbelievable and ridiculous.
The idea that the love of your life left town (year 2000+),no explainations, left you .... a young girl pregnant and alone.... with no resources..... came back after 10 years and had sex with in 1/2 hour of re-meeting......... without any real explainations (I know he did not know she had a baby but..... she knew!!!!)
The woman was soooooooooooo horny that she just sexed him.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmm weak!
But in the defense on the author the sex scenes were hot.
Very nicely written .
The story flows well.
Miss lilana hart writes with an very fluid easy style that makes you want to krep reading .
great story cant wait to read more, gets you hooked looking forward to other booksWould reccomend a great story
I liked this but was just getting into it and it was finished.
Too short.
I found I had read it after just a couple of hours, so it was annoying
I'm not a reader but this short story got me wanting to read more...... just wish it was longer.
Will be reading the others.
I like a character that can redeem himself and that would be Dane.
He left his high school sweetheart behind, but came back ten years later to see her working in the family garage.
If you enjoy a little romance this is a story to read.
Before you go is a good read.
I ike how it's wrote.
Ready to read part two.
For a freebie it was good.
This book was full of passion and it was amazing although i suggest it for an older audience but like i was saying it is an amazing book
The only thing was it is too short but i enjoyed this story about Dane and Charlie.
Can't wait to purchase the other Mackenzie brothers.
Liked the cover. has a good story that keeps you in suspense. makes you want to read more and more
Thank God this book was short!
In the first few pages, Dane and his ex-girlfriend were already "getting busy".
I know this is meant to be a fantasy-type book, but let's get real!
This book did not have much of a plot and what little plot it did have was not really worth reading.
Dumb book.
There was neither plot, nor substance.
Where is the evidence of the so called "tough heroine?"
I am glad this was a free book and I can easily delete.
I really enjoyed reading about Dane and Charlie.
The story was short and sweet. :) I am wanting to read more about how their relationship will develop.
Well, if you like hot and steamy than this book will do it for you.
This book was moderately written however, the plot was unrealistic to real life.
The protagonist male, Dane, was displayed as confused and emotionally immature.
He drifted through life without cares.
The protagonist woman, Charlotte, was underdeveloped as well.
A little more realism would have helped this author.
Although it sounded interesting it was just too much too fast.
The character development started strong then felt rushed.
The reconnecting between the main characters also seemed too rushed and needed something else.
Wow Hot Hot Hot & Free! can't wait to read the rest in the series.
Check out my blog iloveladyporn. com
I really enjoyed this book. i couldn't put it down once I started reading it.
I really love this book.
I gave this book a 4 star rating.....
Dane is something to read.....
I enjoyed the book, and now I"m going to read about the other macKenzie Brothers, I'm hoping they are are wonderful as Dane!!!!
I think, everyone will like this book...
Happy Reading everyone!!!
I loved the book, I only wish it didn't leave you hanging.
Lol.
I look forward to reading the next one.
It keep my reading until I finished the book in one night I had to find out what went next the author is real good I have to read more from her
This book was very good I just wish it could have been longer.
But overall a good story.
I would suggest It to others.
It was a quick read.
I wish it was longer to get the know the charactors better.
But if you looking for short read, this is the book.
This book was sexy, and make you want your own Knight in shining armor.
I like the way the emotions played out with these characters.
Dane knew what he wanted and got it.
I liked the book.
I love where she put the characters in the story.
It was a good read.
Not too intense, not too shady.
It was just erotic enough to not be sleazy.
Loved the story, but not enough meat on the bone!
It's as if Lilianna Hart had only so many chapters to finish the story with.
No anticipation and a abrupt ending.
Still loved the story and I absolutely adore Lilianna Hart, that's why I felt robbed....
This is the very first book by Liliana Hart that I ever read & I gotta tell you I was HOOKED after reading it.
Bought the entire MacKenzie brothers series immediately after finishing it.
It's a hot, exciting story of long lost love returning.
Steamy & awesomely written!!
I picked this very short ebook up free, as well as many others.
It was well written, be forewarned, the story is fast paced!
Since this appears to be a teaser for a series, Dane and Charlie are old flames, and he doesn't expect to find her in town when he comes home after ten years away.
He has his reasons for leaving, and though he deserves everything Charlie dishes out, you still feel compassion for them both.
Their chemistry is electric hot and their past only helps turn up the heat even higher than they could ever imagine.
The pages turn themselves and the sex sizzles, read the whole series.
You will not be disappointed.
It was very discriptive.
I could almost see what was going on in the book.
I reread it AT LEAST once every week.
Thoroughly enjoyable read that I didn't want to put down!
If I had to fault I would say it was too short!!
I highly recommend this book along with Liliana's other series.
She is a great writer and keeps you interested and always wanting more.
This was a pretty good short read.
It's a love story that spands over a 10 year time.
I wish I would've been a little longer!
This is a no thrills jump right into it novel.
Very short and straight to the point also very intimate.
Left you wanting the need for company.
a good short love story.... nothing to write home about.. but a good time killer.
Very descriptive and engaging.
Good for a wait in the Dr's office, or when getting yer tires changed
This was a pretty good short read.
It's a love story that spands over a 10 year time.
I wish I would've been a little longer!
This is a no thrills jump right into it novel.
Very short and straight to the point also very intimate.
Left you wanting the need for company.
a good short love story.... nothing to write home about.. but a good time killer.
Very descriptive and engaging.
Good for a wait in the Dr's office, or when getting yer tires changed
I finished this book in about an hour.
I loved the steamy sex and the plot, but I did feel that the main characters got back together a little quickly.
I felt that Dane should have been a little more upset about Charlie's secret- I know I would be.
Other than that, it was a good read.
I would definitely recommend it.
I purchased this because I am nearing the end of the fifty shades series.
It can compete.
I like that it also has a real story behind it.
Wow!
That's all I have to say...
LOL Of course not.
"Dane" was one of the most well-written erotic romance novellas I've ever read.
Liliana Hart did an amazing job giving you Dane and Charlie's backstories even as the h/h relieved their 10-year-old sexual tension and discovered they had a second chance at love.
Did I mention all of this was accomplished in 49 pages?
Yup.
Wish "Dane" was longer but did not feel shortchanged at all.
Hence my CABR Gold Star Review.
So if you're looking for a great, hot, read and an intro to the MacKenzie Brothers, then "Dane" is your book.
Tell what you think after reading it.(Read more of my reviews at[...]
This was a well written short novel.
It would have been a great book if everything (characters, plot lines, etc.) was expanded on.
This was definitely a decent short read, considering it was free.
I could really get behind the characters and I am intrigued about the rest of the series.
I would definitely recommend if you like erotica that's not just stranger meets stranger and all of a sudden, they're in the floor.
There's more to this and that is what makes it good.
I like the build up to the encounter and this lil snippet very much delivered.
It's a long stretch to forgive this guy in a night for years of stone cold neglect but hey, he has some pretty cool brothers so it's all good (somehow).
Got my heart racing so well worth the download.
this book was extremly good. a definate page turner. an absolute must read series!
Must have te other books as well!!
This book disappointed me terribly.
It was too short from a story stand point.
Everything was put in a short 4 chapter book.
I wish it would have had more plot and didn't seem like everything could be solved in a few sentences.
I guess only those women or men who have been truly hit and taken in by Cupid's arrow can relate to the intense feelings and longing portrayed in this book.
It doesn't matter if many years have passed since you and your partner went your separate ways.
When fate brings you together again, there's no way emotions particularly sexual longings can be stopped.
This book seemed ok at first, but it ended so soon :( as soon as I started to get into the book.... the end.
Story line was very predictable.
Left little to the imagination.
Story needs more development of the character's lives and reason to be- More mystery.
Everyone needs a little naughtiness in their life, I like a little naughty.
This book fits the bill, just a little something for the ladies.
I'm not big on "erotic" novels, but I was looking for a change of pace.
This one was actually not too bad.
It was short, so I read it pretty quickly; but it was reasonably interesting, and fairly believable.
I'd say it was interesting enough that I'd read the other books in the series if they were free.
Not something I'd spend money on, but I thought it was decent.
Dane is a sweet, sexy and really short read.
I like it but I would of loved it if the H/h did not sleep together right away.
The chemistry was good when they were together and you can feel their pain and happiness.
Got good background on why he left and why he is back.
I thought Charlotte slept with Dane way to fast.
She has not heard or seen him in like 10 years and the first time she see's him in her Garage they sleep together on her desk.
I would of like a little more bickering before this happened.
I enjoy Liliana Hart's writing and her yummy Alpha male heroes.
I will continue to read The MacKenzie series when I am in need of a quick erotic novel fix with steamy sex and a dominate, possessive, Alpha male hero.
Orginally post at Wickedly Delicious Book Blog
Dane is HOT!
The book was short, but I loved it.
It was HOT from the begining to the end.
This is the kind of man all of us are looking for.
I got this book free.
I found it entertaining and it held my interest through out the story.
I enjoyed it so much that I will be getting the other books to this series.
So I really liked the book before I even left the first chapter, I just knew that it would be a good read.
Good is an understatement..... it was hot!
But really where the hell is the rest of the book?
I really wanted it to go on, I really wanted to see things played out.
I do feel it ended way to soon and I sure hope that there will be another book to finish the story.
That is the only disappointment, if you like a short read and are just looking for the hot scenes than this is for you!
Dane is HOT!
The book was short, but I loved it.
It was HOT from the begining to the end.
This is the kind of man all of us are looking for.
I got this book free.
I found it entertaining and it held my interest through out the story.
I enjoyed it so much that I will be getting the other books to this series.
So I really liked the book before I even left the first chapter, I just knew that it would be a good read.
Good is an understatement..... it was hot!
But really where the hell is the rest of the book?
I really wanted it to go on, I really wanted to see things played out.
I do feel it ended way to soon and I sure hope that there will be another book to finish the story.
That is the only disappointment, if you like a short read and are just looking for the hot scenes than this is for you!
I thought this was a good book.
I agree with some of the other reviews, it really doesn't have much of a plot.
It's a great book for a woman or anyone else into erotic romance--It pretty much goes right to sex.
However I am disappointed that it was a short story; I wanted more!!
I am going to purchase the second book but I think that may be the extent of it.
I am not into short stories; I would rather spend my money on books that are a few hundred pages.
If you're considering buying "Dane" for some down and dirty sex, you probably won't be disappointed.
It was hot, no doubt, but it lacked just the little bit of sensuality I like along with the sex.
So it wasn't exactly my cup of tea, but as evidenced by other reviews, it will certainly appeal to other readers.
What?
You want a story, too?
There actually is one here, although it takes a backseat to the sex.
The book description refers to "the bitterness of Dane's betrayal."
I wondered what that could be; did he beat up his ex, Charlotte aka Charlie?
Did he sleep with her best friend?
Well... no.
Turns out he was sad because his mom died, and he also did not think he was good enough for Charlie.
So he fled with the intention of returning one day as a better man.
That took ten years, and she is still filled with anger and bitterness.
Bitterness that is, of course, quickly extinguished by the aforementioned hot sex.
Instantly fell in love with the characters.
Hart does a fabulous job of creating that important emotional connection between her characters and the reader.
I am immediately rooting for the main character Dane and want Charlotte to give him a second chance.
This is a novella and a good taste of Hart's writing voice.
I love Hart's style and am looking forward to reading more of her books.~Krystal Shannan
Dane's story is quite short, but was such a great read that I jump right over to Amazon and bought the other three in the series.
Like another reviewer said, there isn't a lot of closure, really none at all actually, in this story.
I'm hoping we'll get to see more of Dane and Charlotte in the next books.
If you want a good quick and hot read, then jump into Dane.
Just be prepared to be left wanting MORE!
Entertaining short novelette, loved the characters but this story I would had preferred a bit longer, describing the union with son.
Otherwise, a joy to read.
I loved this book and can not wait to read the others in the series and I hope that they will be as good as this one.
A good book of love and feelings.
I will recommend this book to all who have strong feelings about love
I really enjoyed reading this story.
There's no real plot, but there's good steamy sex scenes.
The story itself has no realism, but who needs that when you are really reading it for the erotica.
I recommend it if you just need something steamy to read.
This was really not written very well - basically it was just about the sex scenes which were not skillfully written - The story was clumsy but I gave this author another shot and bought the next book in the series and that was a complete rip-off.
It cost $2.99 and was really just short, short story with more of the same bad writing.
Short hence no character development.
Story and characters and dialog are just flat.
Didn't care about the characters or what became of them.
So in a way, it was a good thing this was a short story!
I thought it was a complete novel but it was still good. i would read more books from this author
In my opinion, given the backstory, the relationship conclusion was a little rushed.
But the writing was solid and the characters engaging from the first page.
I'll be looking for more from this author, for sure.
Hopefully, a longer story. :)
Really enjoyed reading this short story of Dane and Charlotte, just wished to have read more of them and more of how their son reacted to Dane.
But it was a good book from start to finish.
Dane is one hot guy!!
Dane and Charlotte make a short story hot.
I can only say all the Mackenzie Brothesr are HOTTTT!
Dane (Book 1, The Mackenzie Brothers series)Dane Mackenzie left Surrender, Montana 10 years ago and hasn't been back since.
Now he is coming home to face his demons.
To face his past.
The first person he sees in town is Charlotte.
His Charlotte.
The girl he walked away from because he hadn't had the courage to stay.
He has never gotten over his love for her.
Well, he is back now and so is she and he plans to win her back.
Review: I will start by saying that I really enjoyed this book.
Dane and Charlotte's story shows that first love never totally dies.
It was sexy.
It was an easy read that made the book seem shorter than it is.
The writer was able to not only pull me into this story but to give me enough of a glimpse of the other brothers to make me want to read their stories too.
So, I did.
This book is an erotic romance meant for adults. come see this review and more on juliesbookreview. blogspot. com
This book was definitely a disappointment.
I wasn't expecting a life changing novel but this could have been written by a 5th grader.
Lame.
this is a novella, but the characters were not developed in any way - the sex scenes were well written, but other than that, the story had no background, no real feel like a structured story.*Spoiler*The premise is a woman scorned who has had 10 years to simmer over the guy who left her alone and pregnant and then suddenly, within seeing each other they are having sex like nothing really happened.
The characters are not really developed but could be very lovable if given enough pages.
Dane is one hot guy!!
Dane and Charlotte make a short story hot.
I can only say all the Mackenzie Brothesr are HOTTTT!
Dane (Book 1, The Mackenzie Brothers series)Dane Mackenzie left Surrender, Montana 10 years ago and hasn't been back since.
Now he is coming home to face his demons.
To face his past.
The first person he sees in town is Charlotte.
His Charlotte.
The girl he walked away from because he hadn't had the courage to stay.
He has never gotten over his love for her.
Well, he is back now and so is she and he plans to win her back.
Review: I will start by saying that I really enjoyed this book.
Dane and Charlotte's story shows that first love never totally dies.
It was sexy.
It was an easy read that made the book seem shorter than it is.
The writer was able to not only pull me into this story but to give me enough of a glimpse of the other brothers to make me want to read their stories too.
So, I did.
This book is an erotic romance meant for adults. come see this review and more on juliesbookreview. blogspot. com
This book was definitely a disappointment.
I wasn't expecting a life changing novel but this could have been written by a 5th grader.
Lame.
this is a novella, but the characters were not developed in any way - the sex scenes were well written, but other than that, the story had no background, no real feel like a structured story.*Spoiler*The premise is a woman scorned who has had 10 years to simmer over the guy who left her alone and pregnant and then suddenly, within seeing each other they are having sex like nothing really happened.
The characters are not really developed but could be very lovable if given enough pages.
I loved this book.
It goes to show you love can stand the test to time even if we don't want to admit it.
Fast quick and to the point the book is HOT.
The story not only introduces Dane and Charlotte but it also introduces, Thomas, Riley and Cooper.
Hi, downloaded this ebook for free, good writing and a good plot.
I would read more by this author.
It was an enjoyable read with good characters.
This book was a great read.
I could not put it down.
The characters were believeable.
I just wished it was a longer story,I read it too fast.
To put it simply this is a story that proves true love can survive anything including a ten year gap and kept secrets.
I can't wait for the next book in the series .
I knew this was an erotic romance when I picked it up and found that - fortunately - it was not too long and had a plot to it.
The characters were not delved into terribly deeply and the traditional "bad boy leaves home, abandoned girlfriend has secret son" theme has been used time and again.
This wasn't too bad and I was glad that we didn't have the usual "father finds out by accidently seeing the kid" big angry scene and argument with her screeching "You can't take my son away" though why would he want to?"Not bad as a novella, easy to read and I shall get the others if only to look at the bloke's six-packs on the front covers!
I liked how it started and ended.
I enjoyed every inch of it.
Yes would recommend this to every one.
It was free I really enjoy reading this book can't wait to read more I couldn't put it down love it
I love a good romance.
This was an easy read and I loved every word of it.
I wish it was longer!
Can't wait to get the other sections to the series.
Can't wait to see what else is going to happen.
I mistakenly downloaded this book and did not finish reading, once I realized that it was erotica.
You may like it, I deleted it.
This book was very unrealistic in how it plays out.
I will not read another book by this author again.
If woman are truly behaving like Charlotte does in this book, then the feminist movement was nothing but a waste of time.
This book reduces women's intelligence and worth to that of a bitch in heat.
i don't like it. . . . . . . . . . . . . . swear.. make another one
It.
Left me wanting to continue reading I can't wait to download book 2 .
This the first time I have read this Liliana Hart Erotic Romance I couldn't put it down
I really enjoyed reading this book.
It wasn't as long as I would have liked but when they said erotic romance they were telling the truth.
It got heated very fast.
If woman are truly behaving like Charlotte does in this book, then the feminist movement was nothing but a waste of time.
This book reduces women's intelligence and worth to that of a bitch in heat.
i don't like it. . . . . . . . . . . . . . swear.. make another one
It.
Left me wanting to continue reading I can't wait to download book 2 .
This the first time I have read this Liliana Hart Erotic Romance I couldn't put it down
I really enjoyed reading this book.
It wasn't as long as I would have liked but when they said erotic romance they were telling the truth.
It got heated very fast.
What a great read!
I immediately lusted after Dane, sympathized with Charlotte, and wanted to live in Surrender.
The story was interesting.
The sex was HOT, and there was plenty of it.
I am glad to have this book.
But buyer be warned, it makes you want to buy every one of Liliana Hart's books!
I have to rate this book before I can even finish it!
I'd rather finish then rate it if I'm required to do so.
I wouldn't consider this a good novel.
Kind of cheesy.
I guess what do you expect since it is an erotic romance novel.
Waited for the plot -story line, which just wasn't there.
Gratuitous vulgarity..
Waste of time.
Would have felt cheated if not for the price (gratis).
This excerpt is much too short I was. captivated by the break in the author sort of put me right there look forward to the finished product very captivating
It was a very lame too short poorly written story!
DOnt waste your time reading this book.
Not worth the time spent downloading....
This was a great story, but just too short only 240 pages!
Finished it in just 30 minutes.
Would have loved to read more.
This was a quick read that was hard to put down.
Left you literally wanting more.
Characters were very likable.
No story... just full of trash.
I spent most of my time just flipping through the pages to try to read something besides sex.
Erotic, hot, steamy but just too darn short.
It just couldn't catch my full attention, oh that and the situation was TOTALLY 120% unrealistic, just not believable at all.
It was just okay.
Nothing special about the story and it certainly could have been a longer novel.
The sex was just all right.
The author wrote a short story which was not very enlightening.
However, will read the other novels and see if they are any better.
I was pleasantly surprised with this Novella.
The story line was very good.
I loved that Dane's story was he returned home after many years away working hard to make a great career for himself.
When he arrived home he was surprised to find his first love had returned to Surrender as well.
I felt the ending was very rushed and abrupt.
I would love to see Charlotte and Dane's story play out more.
I think the story could have developed into a full fledged novel.
I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
This short story was pack with s. e. x, I enjoy very much.
This was my first from this author, it won be my last.
If you like erotica this is a good snack.
I have not read this short, nor will I ever.
I looked at the "preview" that Amazon offers, and in the fifth paragraph, Dane's ride is mentioned.
It is a "rattrap".
While Rattrap is evidently a character from Transformers, a beat up car is a rattletrap.
Did the editor for this book flunk high school English?
Did the author?
I couldn't get past it.
It sounded interesting, but for heaven's sake, check your colloquialisms, this is embarrassing.
It was a minor detail, but if a little thing like this is wrong, it's a good bet there a bigger problems with the writing.
This is good reading i do recommend it for those of us that like romance in their life and dreams
I am not really into erotica and did not enjoy this book.
My mistake was in buying it in the first place.
too hot, too soon and too short! just as you start settling into a good book it's over.
I will never purchase another short-preview novel.
It was a great but too short.
I read this book in no time and was hooked.
I bought and read all the other books in the series.
I can't wait to read Cade's story in 2012.
Wish it was sooner.
"Dane" sounded like a fairly good romance novel when I read the synopsis.
NOT!
It has no plot, no significant character development, no romance.
What does it have?
Sex and more sex.
This is not why I read."Dane", to put it politely; is trash.
Amazon should review its products a great deal better than it apparently does.
This type of book should be very clearly marked either "Erotica" or just plain "Porn".
Ok this book was too short as well and confusing and boring it just wasn't my thing at all again we can't give proper reviews on half a book
I have read all of the quartet and I did like them but felt that so much more could have been said.
I felt that there wasn't much meat so to speak.
I would have liked to have more leading up to the romance part as well as the story line.
I am not really in sexual bondage so that also wasn't a draw to me.
They were all different settings which was nice.
The first and fourth had issues a good editor would have noticed... like running lines together so you had to try to figure out who was speaking and what happened to room service.
I took a star because the authors pushiness at pluggung the story and then other books they wrote.
Maybe it was wrong but if you give me something good to read I will find you without a push.
this book was an easy and nice change of pace. romance novels are fun to read to get away from daily stresses
If I could have I would of given five stars for each novella in the book.
Enjoyed them every one of them.
The Reaper's Heart: This was a good paranormal story.
The couple fell in love very quickly.
I liked the end and the solution to their predicament.
The Good Girl: This was a decent story about a cop and social worker.
Both had a past that needed to be dealt with before their relationship could move forward.
While the story was decent, there were a few typos like missing quotation marks.
Any Man of Mine: This is a cute story.
I don't really care for Haley, she has major self esteem issues.
I also do not think that a man would move all the way across the country with a woman after talking to her one time.
Secret Agent Seduction: I didn't really care to much for this story?
Evie was very quick to go to bed with a complete stranger.
Jude was also quick to trust and he was quick to get her in bed.
He got right to it with no "priming", if you will.
His hotel room was safe until he decided it wasn't and she went with him on a stake out.
So much for being a secret agent.....
Oh, and the food he ordered never showed up to the hotel room....
One more thing, I would definitely not want to live in Evie's neighborhood.
After all the gunshots, glass breaking, and speeding vehicles no one called the police!
Incredible!
I liked the first story the best.
It was hot.
If you read Harlequin novels for the sex, skip the second one.
I really wished they were full novels each time one ended.
Not all of the stories are paranormal, but I thought they were awesome stories.
Each story was unique.
Very enjoyable but wanted more.
I will look for more books by these authors.
Worth the read.
loved the characters and their chemistry and thoroughly enjoyed the story line which was different from other paranormals I've read
These were different, good stories but I doubt I'll ever 're-read this book.
Don't get me wrong, they weren't bad, just not memorable.
I didn't even know a book contained 4 stories in one book.
I am reading another paper back that has 2 stories.
Good reading.
I still one left to read.
I know I will not be disappointed.
I enjoyed this book very much, especially the story entitled The Reaper.
I love having a book that provides me with a selection of short stories to enjoy when I just want a quick read.
This book provides a good variety of well written stories all in very different settings and of different genres.
I recommend itFor a longer, more complex romance novel with a touch of suspense, you may enjoy this one: The Haunting of the Rose Queen
Love harlequin books have since was a teenager,they are so intriguing and keep u spellbound looking forward to next books
I loved all the the stories but the vampire one.
The other three were from autors I have read in the past.
They did not disappoint
I usually read historical romances, The Reaper's Heart was one of the best well written short stories I have ever read.
It's not easy to create a new world and creatures from a differnt realm and me them beleaviable but the author does.
Now I have to read more from her.
The other stories were very good as well.
If you love romance this is a must read.
These books were fun to read.
Each had a good story and all were different.
I really liked these short books.
this book did not hold my interest.
These are some short stories that could have been better with a little more thought and development.
I enjoyed these four novellas very much.
They were just long enough to get me involved in the storyline and characters yet short enough for a quick, easy read.
These four Novellas were ok.
The first one was different than s anything I normally read and the last 3 were very simple writings.
Nice and quick but nothing special.
I really enjoyed reading this book.
I liked all the novellas in it and they all had me wanting the read the rest of their series.
I liked how there was a little of everything.
There was sweetness, some hot paranormal, some hold-your-breath intrigue, and some good ol fashioned southern comfort.
This was a great mix and I'm glad I own it.
The stories were shorter (novellas) but they packed enough juiciness and meat to keep me entertained, on edge of my seat, smiling, snickering, and sighing with longing and happiness.
I wouldn't mind reading this again at all.
This is a good go-to book for a quick reading fix and it doesn't matter what the mood because it's got a little of everything.
Enjoy!
I was a little disappointed when this turned out to be like excerpts from other stories.
They are what I call teasers.
They give you just enough of a story that you want to go looking for the rest of the book.
The writting is good, the authors are well respected and popular.
I just wanted... more.
A good "I don't know what I feel like reading" book.
A great, "I don't have alot of time, but need a book" fix.
This books was okay, but not one I would keep in my collection.
I read it primarily because I had previously enjoyed other books by the author, Michele Hauf.
Stories were great but made me feel as there should be more.
Feel like there was more to be said.
Nice to read.
Short to the point.
Very good blend of characters written well.
Nothing more to say.
Just get and read.
thank you for writting this book, you did a good job and i enjoyed your romance. hope you keep up the good work
But I did enjoy 2 of the stories.
They were slightly poorly written - must be new because there were a lot of grammatical errors.
But overall the 2 stories I did read were pretty good, wish there was more detail and longer.
Another favorite for me.
Always love Harlequin and was not disappointed when I picked this book.
Recommend it greatly to romance readers.
These 4 short stories were easy reading.
The first one is a slow starter but the others start off pretty good.
this was exciting to read it gives a little of everything to the reader. each story has its own unique little story line and feel good endings.
The first story was ok but the last three were the better ones.
I liked The Good Girl most of all
I actually enjoyed these stories, especially since I'm a sucker for happy endings.
All had them lucky for me.
Always believe in yourself.
Great work!
Not predictable as some are.
Would like to hear mire of this story.
Hope this author keeps it going.
this romance novel was hard for me to keep up iknow it was just short stories some were ok to
I like to read a romance on my kindle while I'm waiting on a flight these stories are nice and fast easy to read.
Good stories.
Short but neatly written to tell the stories in a short amount of space.
A good quick read book.
Getting a bit old and repetitive.
But it was fun and almost believable.
We need something new and different.
Ok?
So far it has been pretty good.
It has been perfect for when I have a little time to spare but not too much time to get into reading.
The stories are short and to the point and I really like how it recommends further reading of stories like it.
I enjoyed the last book the most.
It was written from a point of view that I have never seen before.
I liked the fact that Evie and Jude were nothing alike but that's what made them compatible.
I would love to see what happens to them.
The one with the detective and social worker was a good story because it brought him and his younger sister together and defined unconditional love
Got done reading these stories in less than 2 hours.
And they are great if you aren't to sure of what kind of story you want to read.
The first I didn't finish reading.
I got lost in the second story.
The last story I liked, but the ending seemed rushed like it was meant as longer story.
Easy reads for those "I don't want to really think" times.
That is why I read these types of books
this a book that has FOUR books in it.
THey are such great heart touching stories.
You would have to be a grinch to not love them
Each of the four novellas in this book were unique and romantic in their own way.
This book gives the reader a taste of Harlequin Nocturne, Superromance, Blaze and Suspense.
I would love to see more books like this; it gave me the little pleasures a good romance gives, without having to dedicate the reading time a huge novel takes.
After all, isn't that what life is about, it's simple little pleasures?
Enjoy!
These were great stories, but I wish they had been a little longer.
Just when you are getting into it.... it's over.
I guess it keeps you wanting more.
A Must Read Of Classic Funny Stories..
That Will Leave You Smiling..
I Have Read Them Over And Over..
Harlequin Is The Best!!
I like this because there are 4 novellas.
Some books say the are four stories and end up being just teaser chapters of the books, hooking you in to buy the full story.
I enjoyed the stories.
A fast read, unlikely romances.
These stories are a sampler to introduce the styles and settings of each of the four romance authors.
Each story was good.
I wanted them to be a little longer.
I will look for more books by the authors.
it was ok i do love anything from michele hauf but some books left me wanting more this was one of many….
None were outstanding but none were totally awful either.
They were nice exposures to several different romance writers.
Short and sort of sweet.
I choose this ratings because I enjoy the books very much and I will recommend it to my best friend
These short exerpts from Blaze or other Harlequin series give the reader a window into the quality of Harlequin offering.
We anticipate more quality romances.
Its a quick read, and some of the stories were better than others.
Still I am glad I took the time to read these short stories.
Sorry, I just don't remember the book.
Can't really say if it was interesting or not.
Harlequins ususally are okay.
Four delightful books.
I wish I could have rated them separately - I would rate each one with five stars.
Definitely recommend it was a great book!
Kept me interested the whole time.
Good job to the author!
Can't wait to read another one!
I'm a romance novel junkie...
I read practically everything.
It's a good story by an author who knows what she doing.
This are quick books and i enjoy reading them.
I liked that it has paranormal. action and everything within the book.
The only thing i didn't like about them was the lack of info not enough background and no real conclusion at the end
The book of stort stories was great..
I hadn't read anything by any of the authors before reading this one..
Great one
I did not enjoy the stories much.
They were so predictable and cliched and held no surprises.
I would not recommend this to any of my friends.
Nice quick read.
Nice four short stories, when you want to read something quick.
Would tell people if they like short stories ,to read it.
but missing good plots.
I guess the idea is to leave you wanting to read more from the authors.
Seemed kind of incomplete...
For romance short stories, they were decent.
I read them at work to pass the slow hours.
Enjoyable, although at times it was hard to know which character was speaking.
easy afternoon read. great stories. just wish they had been longer. it was free so that made it even better.
Very simple, formula stories.
Good for light reading when concentration is not required.
Perhaps good bedtime reading, nothing to keep you awake.
Although they were short stories, I couldn't even finish the book.
Just couldn't get into it.
Thank goodness it was a free download!
This book was a waste of time to read.
The books just get started and then they end.
Do not waste your time with this one.
I personally did not order this selection and therefore have not read this selection!
So what six more words do you want me to enter?
Have nothing more to say!
It was ok but I have read much better than that.
I hope that the other books could be a bit longer since the stories seem to be moving too fast.
The stories are pretty ridiculous, the characters falling in love in 30 seconds.
The whole thing was a joke. i was really disappointed.
I bought it because it was only like .99 and I have to be honest not worth the time I spent reading it, or the dollar I spent buying it.
Just didn't like these books at all.
Tried reading them but didn't finish a single one of them.
Not my style, I guess.
I like Harlequin books but this one was a big letdown for me.
The First story , I totally skipped through.
I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Not very well written.
Stories were very short and lacked depth.
It was not a good read or use of time.
I did not enjoy this one at all, but I usually don't like anything that can not possibly be true.
i could not get into these small books. there wasn't much to the stories and i don't think i even read them all. we shall see when i am bored sometime if i finish them.
Too little time on the story.
Too fast to sex.
Like more romance and build up.
They were off to a good tale and then a rush to the finish.
I don't fancy that much this kind of stories, but they are easy to read and easy to forget.
The layout of Harlequin Kindle is rather annoying.
Didn't order it to read.
Order it to practice downloading -- it was free.
More than it was worth!!
Just hanging on.
I got this for free and persevered enough to read 3 of the 4 stories.
They honestly didn't feel like true romance and some were even a little depressing actually.
PLEASE NO MORE REVIEWS ALL WERE ORDERED MY MISTAKE BY MY WIFE WHO HAS A SLIGHT MEMORY PROBLEM STOP THE EMAIL REVIEWS OR LOOSE ME AS A COUSTOMER
V free urn cuts Thu rebutted cheerfully crunchy Book nicely brings b hubby hubby hubby concert shots assign stuck sum
The story itself is sweet; who doesn't love the thought of a second chance with your first love and having it become ever after?
It was also a bonus that it's set in Canada around our favorite sport and during the Stanley Cup playoffs.
However, that's as much praise as I can give this book.
It's billed as erotica, but that's a matter of opinion.
The erotic scenes are juvenile, poorly-written and conceived.
The whole tome reads as if a not-too-savvy, but somewhat horny thirteen year old wrote it.
I use the term "author" loosely because a true author reads and reviews her own work for errors before having a good editor do the same.
The author herself offers a disclaimer at the end of the book, basically shrugging off her grammar which shows a lack of pride as well as knowledge that she screwed up too much to count.
From misspelled words to partial sentences to the wrong words where they shouldn't be, this book was a chore to finish.
I was happy to press the delete button to remove it from my Kindle and happier still that it had been free.
I would have been more disgusted had I paid for it.
To the author, I would say that if you're not going to do even the basic spell-checking, grammar-checking and editing, you're in the wrong business.
At the very least, before you write another "erotic" book, do get more experience on how truly erotic scenes are written.
I gave it one star because I couldn't give it less.
This is the one of the only books I started, but couldn't finish.
The story was simple, plain and overly predictable.
I normally don't really care, but the author threw swear words all over the place for no reason.
I dont mind strong language with a strong story line or emotions, but this book had the "F" word multiple times within a few paragraghs just during the character development!
I have heard people complain about terribly editing done for the E-books but I am not an English major so I had never noticed... until this book.
It was pathetic.
Spelling mistakes, half finished sentences, and the whole thing seemed like it was done quickly and cheap.
Don't waste your time.
I really liked the idea for the story.
I thought it had potential.
It just didn't work for me.
The story seemed to be lacking something.
The characters were flat, dialogue was weird and the sex scenes were laughable at best.
To be honest, after the first one or two, I skipped over them.
it was a cute story but really needs some cleaning up. im no editor but i would be happy to help you. i really did enjoy the book.
This book really skipped around.
No high and low points and no big drama in the story.
I have never been so incredibly bored
"Second Chance Romance" was a quick and easy read.
A man and a woman, who were in love in high school, but then went their separate ways.
They make contact 10 or so years later, and decide to see what happens as they begin to renew their teenage relationship - as grown-ups.
He's a goalie for a Canadian hockey team with some uncertaintly about his contract being renewed.
She's a divorced mother, an elementary school teacher, with a young child, and living in Canada, but a bit of a distance away.
They test the waters and give renewing their relationship, with all the complications of their lives now, a shot.
This is a long distance relationship - mostly mother and son spending time with him, mostly weekends. in his house, in his city.
This is a sweet read, without much substance, that touches upon, but glosses over and doesn't really deal with or resolve the complications in their current lives and how that will work, as they attempt to give their old love a second shot.
There are a few serious issues (brought up, but not fully addressed).
She's a single, working mother with an 8 year old son by her ex-husband who's not in the picture.
He's a good hockey player, but his future with his current team isn't secure.
And there's her sweet, smart and funny son - a young boy with his needs to consider.
It's pretty much "stock romance", touching on some important issues, but not resolving them.
Aptly titled, "Second Chance Romance" follows high school and college sweethearts Kip Turner and Mandy Green, who after 11 years still carry a torch for each other.
With both of them now 30 years old, with Kip a successful professional hockey player who plays for the NHL while Mandy is a school teacher and single mom, they reconnect through Facebook and find themselves searching for their happily-ever-after.
Great premise for a beautiful love story.
Unfortunately, the telling was flat and the characters remained two-dimensional until the end.
And though this book is classified erotica, and I would rate this M for mature audience only because of sex and language use, classifying this erotica is using the term loosely.
Erotica as a genre already has a lot of detractors.
And of course, those who read erotica already knows that it can go either way, one extreme is that it is outright porn, while the other end of the spectrum is that erotica is a beautiful story wherein sex scenes are part of the telling and it will not be complete without it.
Case in point, "In the Realm of the Senses", a 1976 Franco-Japanese romantic drama film directed by Nagisa Oshima, is perhaps one of the best examples of the erotica genre."Second Chance Romance" has all the elements of the latter side of the spectrum of the genre.
An exciting hero who is not just good looking but very athletic; a painfully shy heroine who blossomed as she gained more confidence as the love story proceeds.
Unfortunately, the book fell short on everything about storytelling.
And that is the reason why I am really disappointed that the story and the characters remained flat.
There really was no climax to speak of; the struggles were minimal and though we know that Kip and Mandy deserve their HEA, the telling of how they got there left a lot to be desired.
So, why the two star rating instead of one?
Just like the lesson of the book, everyone deserves a second chance.
And I hope that the author takes this as a constructive criticism and that she continues to write as she improves on her craft.
Second Chance Romance is the tale of high-school sweethearts who reconnect after a decade apart.
Kip, a professional hockey player, has been traded to the Calgary Flames, which happens to be near his sweetheart Mandy, who is now the mother of an 8 yr old son.
On a whim, they reconnect via Facebook, and their romance takes up right where it left off.
There is not a lot threatening their relationship except their own insecurities and the possibility of him being traded elsewhere.
I had really high hopes for this story, as there are not a lot of romance novels involving professional athletes.
Deidre Martin probably has my favorite such series, about various members of the 'New York Blades' family.
It is set in Canada, which is also unique among the books I find, and the premise of 2 people finding each other after a decade, on Facebook no less, is also not typical.
My main problem with this novel is that everything seems to come easily to this couple, and their biggest issue is their own insecurities.
Kip spends much of the novel concerned he is going to have to leave Mandy via a trade, as if any elite hockey player is going to quit at 30 if he is traded.
He wonders often if she would come with him, but never actually asks her.
Mandy deals with the very real insecurities regarding her appearance, but after a while, hearing her complain about how she isn't perfect starts to grate on me.
I don't expect characters to be perfect, or to be fully secure in themselves, but I want them to feel like friends and Mandy is someone I would drop after she complained about her appearance for the umpteenth time.
They had the chance to create some drama with Mandy's ex, Eric, but one harsh phone call, and he disappeared again.
My second problem with this book, and it may be a major issue for some of you, is that it has numerous errors.
It is a self-published book, and the author does make a plea for reader response to any errors so she can fix them.
I was able to skip over most issues, but I am a dorky fan fiction reader so I am used to it.
Also, while this book is categorized as Erotica, it has very tame scenes that would be fade to black in a movie setting.
Overall I gave the book a rating of two.
The story was average, but I enjoy the premise and basic story line.
If the author goes back and edits the story, I would up my rating to a 3, but the errors are just too extensive at the moment.
I enjoyed the basic storyline, and the characters were decently fleshed out, but the editing errors made it difficult to truly enjoy the story.
Sentences seeming to end without completing the thought.
Supporting characters whose names seems to change midstory, and then back again.
Many basic grammar errors.
While I realize that some of these e-books are published as a work in progress, completed sentences and continuous character names throughout don't seem like too much to ask for.
Hoping the author will take a second stab at cleaning it up so it might actually be worth paying $.99 for.
I enjoyed this book despite the many errors in grammer.
The story was sweet and the characters endearing.
I would like to see more books that focus on some of the supporting characters while still keeping Mandy, Kip & Colton in the story.
Possibly the worst book I have ever read.
The beginning is positively excrable.
I can see that this book was started when the author was very young.
The sex scences would be laughable if they did not make me squirm so much.
I have no problem with erotica, rather enjoy it on occassion, but her scenes are jarring.
One minute they are caressing and kissing, next his c@ck is pounding her... well, you get the idea.
Do not make the same mistake I did, you will just loathe yourself afterwards.
This was a fun read, especially with the Canadian setting, marred by poor editing.
I just didn't get it ... words missing or the wrong word as if spell check corrected something.
Still liked it but...
This book beautifully displays pure love between two individuals.
It gives me hope that I'll discover and have an opportunity to share the rest of my life with my soul mate.
The introduction was fairly smooth but regrettably became rushed and stilted about 20% in the book.
The plot has merit, but obviously needs more than basic editing.
Work needs done on transitions and clarity.
I almost stopped reading it became so trite and unbelievable.
Happy ending of course, but that is why I like romances.
Won't be paying for any of this author's books, she needs to slow down and write properly.
This story was ok.
The idea is cute but not much thought put into it.
There was no real dilemma between the 2 main characters.
No huge fight.
No psycho ex(even the boys biological was tame).
No life threatening circumstance.
The dialogue had me scratching my head a lot.
But I was able to keep up.
It needs to be edited b/c of the grammatical, spelling, punctuation(or lack thereof), and left out words.
I would rate this book in negative numbers if the option was given.
This book reads like it was written by a 2 year old who hasn't learned any words longer than 4 letters long.
Although advertised as a "love" story, the disrespect that the characters show each other in speaking to each other shows no love whatsoever.
There were so many poorly written sentences with missing words as to make the book unreadable in parts.
The lack of time taken to use even basic spell check shows the author has no respect for herself, her work, the readers or in having readers come back.
This was honestly the most poorly written thing I've ever read and I have 5 kids.
More care was taken by the kids when they were in Kindergarten than the writer took with this manuscript.
This horrid piece seemed to be looking to shock the reader more than anything.
It's a shame because the basic plot had so many beautiful ways that it could have been written but instead was butchered by an uncaring author.
Absolutely horrid reading experience.
I will never read anything else by this person.
I can't even bring myself to use the word "author" because any self-respecting author would be ashamed of releasing something like this.
AWFUL!
I was not aware that this was a series so make sure you read them in order.
The book wasn't terrible.
They had some steamy love seen's but I would have liked more.
Not sure if it is worth more the $2 thou.
The plot is good overall.
There was some really poor grammar and a few syntax issues.
I would read another of this author's stories.
I read this book when she first self-published on Smashwords.
I know that some people found the heroine's constant put down of her body annoying but it felt real to me.
It hit home for me since I suffer from low self-esteem/self-worth.
I think that her character was a little stupid about letting him go in the first place.
That just didn't seem to make sense.
She was willing to be with him while he plays hockey 11 years later but not when they are "oh so in love" as young adults?
And they supposedly never stopped loving each other in that "til death do us part" way.
That's why it got 3 stars from me.
It had all the right elements, but the author committed serious mistakes in time frames.
I got lost in the idea many times during my reading.
The idea was good, but truly, were you in the past or in the present?
May have had grammatical errors, but was still a good read.
Wasn't hard to put myself in Mandy's place and live the story.
We learn from our mistakes, so your writing fluency will get better.
Keep it up.
This could have been a very sweet little romance story, but the stilted grammar as well as the grammatical errors make it very hard to immerse yourself.
I hate to complain about something that was free, but this author seriously needs a proofreader and/or editor.
I got Second Chance Romance as a freebie from Amazon - apparently they did a price-match.
I enjoyed the story of Kip and Mandy, and their second chance at happiness.
I almost didn't finish reading the book, though, honestly.
Why?
Because of the grammar / lack of editing / lack of proof-reading / call it what you will.
There were several to / too errors, missing letters, missing words, punctuation all over the place.
Several is an understatement - there were errors at every location of the book.
The dialog was very stilted, as well.
Some of the errors I just didn't understand, because I don't see how they made it out the door had the author done even a second read of her work before publishing.
Truly.
I almost gave the book one star.
I didn't because it is my belief that a one-star rating implies that a book had no redeemable qualities.
So that put it at two stars again.
Then I got to the end of the book and read this note from the author: "This book is written with Canadian spelling and average grammar skills.
If you notice anything horrible feel free to email me. (...) with the problems an I'll edit and update the book."
That irritated me enough, because of the implication that she KNEW the work was poor on a technical level but didn't care enough to fix it, that I nearly gave it one star again.
I finally decided on two, because, as I said, the story was a good one.
I would HIGHLY recommend sampling this before downloading, even though it's free.
I didn't enjoy this book.
The best part was the blurb about the writer at the back.
There are many many grammatical errors but I can generally overlook those if the story is good.
Unfortunately I didn't find the story interesting at all.
I didn't care about the characters or what happened to them.
The writer could really do with a good editor.
I got this book free and felt frustrated about the time I spent reading it, if I had paid for it I would have been really annoyed.
There are heaps of better free books available. i can't recommend this one.
Like others, I too noticed the grammatical errors/bad editing, but I didn't find it was so terrible to actually stop me from continuing to read.
Since I enjoyed the storyline itself & since I'm not gramatically perfect myself, I was able to overlook them, though I did have to reread some sentences to "get" it.
For that, I took 1/2 star off.
Compared to other published erotica, the sex scenes here were shorter, but I'm the type of person who gets impatient with lengthy foreplay that I tend to skip pages to get to the main event, therefore this story actually works for me.
Another 1/2 star off for the several flashback scenes wherein the heroine's imperfect body was described over & over again.
After they've fallen in love & been sleeping together, I would like to think the guy could now marvel on how wonderful his girl is without mentioning her extra pounds.
I got tired of reading the same thing over & over again.
In spite of the above, I enjoyed the story so this book is a definite keeper for me.
Hokay so.... to start, Mandy teaches 4th grade in Canada.
But long before that when she was the ugly duckling in her high school full of beautiful swans, the hot guy all star hockey player fell in love with her, and her personality.
That this was done in a tasteful and believeable way gets it 2 stars right off the bat.
So Mandy has a son, Colton, and Kip has come back into her life, via facebook.
It is well written (except for the sometimes missing words, though its annoying its somewhat overlookable but i took away a star for that) and excecuted in such a way that, even though I'm not Canadian nor a hockey fan I still managed to follow and enjoy the book immensly.
This IS NOT erotica.
Not even close.
At all.
(LOL can't stress that enough) However there are a few decent scenes in there but they jump out because they are sweet.
This is romance, not erotica.
If you want to relate to a situation or could see yourself as one of these characters... that makes you wish someone was out there waiting for you, pining for you for a decade wishing things were different and regretting sometimes that you might have made the wrong decision but hoping there is something good for you out there.
You read this and you see yourself being Mandy, wanting someone to truly like and accept you as you are but then they do and you aren't sure if you can trust it because nobody else has.... this is a good book.
A solid good book.
Not great, not o-mi-gawd over the top, not spend 10$ buying it,...... but it IS good.
Hope this helps.
If only we all had second chances.
It was a nice romantic story.
Should have a part 2..
I really enjoyed this book.
Kip and Mandy were meant to be together forever.
Despite the ups and downs of life, true love won out.
The story was decent but it wasn't a "must read and never put down" book.
Easy read for the summer
This was definitely a page turner for me.
It started out like a typical love that was lost because we out grow our 1st loves.
But the author was able bring you to the edge of your sit wondering if their pride would get in the way of them being honest about their true feelings.
I recommend this book to anyone who loves unconditionally.
BRAVO!
Adair Devin job well done.
Story line was good but I have to say there was a lot of bad grammar and spelling.
Good that author knows but what happened to the editor?
This book wasn't bad for a freebie.
Typical plot for the genre with average characters is my opinion.
Take the chance.
I LOVED this amazing book.
Very sweet and romantic .
I'm so glad that they got married.
I give this book a huge thumbs up:) <3
Sweet story line, great setting and an excellent opportunity to know that second chances are a possibility.
Who doesn't wish they could renew an old romance.
I was never a person to read books, but when I started reading this one I did not want to put it down.
I couldn't put this book down.
Kip & Mandy's story of second chances was thrilling to read.
I can't wait to read more hockey romances by Asrai.
She truly makes you fell like you're part of the story.
Not a very long book but certainly enjoyable.
The romance isn't too hot and heavy yet intriguing.
Keeps you guessing.
It was a really good book.
How Mandy and kip come back together.
Getting married also, and dealing with her son also
Had a quick read of this, seemed ok, but I don't remember too much about it . can't really give it a good review - so it must n't have been that memorable.
It was a cute story line, a good idea about a second chance romance you know the whole high school sweetheart story..
Only for Facebook to link them again and it all happened so fast for me...
But it was a cute quick read..
It would've been nice to get more background information about Colton's dad since he's mentioned so much in the book by Colton it should have been addressed more but I love Kip and Mandy!
Great story about two folks who just truly belong together and the love/desire not dying!
Glad it was free but I may get the other books in the series!
I really liked the story in this book.
I could not put it down till I finished reading the whole story.
Thank you so very much for writing it.
This story would have been ok if only there wasn't the unnecessary f bomb being dropped every few paragraphs.
It didn't add to the story and only made the characters seem like trash.
Really makes me wonder what the author's daily vocabulary is like.
The sex area didn't do much for me either as the description of that sounded like the characters were still in high school.
Glad it was free.
This love story was great.
I remind me of real life high school sweetheart.
I love how they got back together.
I recommend this book to anybody that love to read high school sweetheart love story.
I liked the story.
I am a huge hockey fan so that helps.
The story itself is good, just lacks a little.
Great short story for sure.
Pretty much boring..... not well laid out.
Kept jumping from present to past without a clear break.
Book not edited well
I loved the concept of the second chance.
I loved that the author didn't use a stereo typical female lead.
Great read.
it is a very good read.
It was so good that I couldn't put the book down.
I will be looking for more books by this author
The book was good but I got a little confused sometimes the author would say something then go to another topic.
I really enjoyed this book.
The characters are easy to love and the story is so much fun and so romantic.
I will read more from this author and this series.
Highly recommend.
if you want a book that you cant put down this is one.. i had to keep reading to see what was next..
I expected a little more from this book but it was a nice read.
Destiny has its way of always working out in the end and this story wraps itself all around that idea.
The author should have worked on the ending better instead of jumping straight into it.
I actually didn't expect to enjoy this too much.
It surprised me though.
It was completely predictable but still ended up being an enjoyable read.
this book is what every high school lovers who did make it dreams about, falling back in love again. i enjoyed this book so much i read it in a day.
Second Chance Romance was a sweet story, but there was a lot of errors in grammar.
The basic plot could have been made into a beautiful story with the right writer.
I would not recommend.
It was a sweet romance story.
It had romance and a little steam.
I liked the plot of the story.
Great story... the characters were so realistic.
I just wanted to keep reading the story!
I loved the ending too.
Great!
Great book.
Kept me intrigued could not put it down.
Hope the next is just as good.
Can't wait to start the next one.
It took me quiet some effort to keep reading through the first pages since its a fantasy world with human beings but it turned out to be fun to read!
I liked the story, but it was just that a story.
No drama, nothing to keep me rooting for anyone or thinking what's going to happen next. it was very flat & boring. sorry!
I loved the book, it had everything u need for a great book.
I would recommend it to all my friends and family.
This could have been a good book if the plot had been developed more in my opinion.
The profanity that was littered here and there seemed so unnatural and unnecessary and could have been omitted.
It would have held my attention more.
For much of it, I wondered when it would end.
The author seemed more interested in describing the sex act than developing the characters.
Sorry, not my cup of tea.
Mandy is juggling her life as a single mom and her dream job as a 3rd grade teacher.
Her world is upset when her high school sweetheart connects with her via Facebook.
This book had so much going I couldn't put it down, even though it was late.
It kept you wondering how it was going to end, and you just wanted to finish so you could see if the second chance worked out or not.
It is hard when life makes an unexpected fork in the road.
It can pull at you and pull at you until you are sure you are doing the right thing and though you may not regret events after that fork you may also still regret the way you took.
Mandy is what she considers overweight and geeky.
The last thing she expects is to become Kip's focus.
That's all I will say I don't want to ruin it for anyone.
I highly recommend this book it is a beautiful story of first love and second chances.
I loved this book.
This book had so much intrigue I couldn't put it down.
It kept you wondering how it was going to end, and you just wanted to finish so you could see if the second chance worked out or not.
Who doesn't love a love story like that!
It was an easy book to relate to and feel like you were involved in the story to the very end.
It left me wanting a sequel.
This book kept me interested through the whole book.
I recommend this book.
It's a good first love story coming true after 12 years.
It seems like every book I read lately, the guy a jerk that changes because he loves a girl.
The fact that this book was different was nice.
I loved both characters.
Neither ever wanted to hurt the other but decided that they needed to part ways.
Years later they find each other again.
I gave the book a four star review because I loved the story line.
It is not erotic and has grammar errors.
The story was quite good plot-wise.
I had difficulty sometimes following which character was saying what because direct speech was not usually given its own line for easy following.
A lot of swear words were included, which were unnecessary.
I didn't appreciate the 'lack of editing' the author proudly apologized about at the end (Got this in January 2013).
It made it seem like a rush for sales.
That should not be done to the readers you are depending on for sales and word-of-mouth ads.
3 stars.
It's OK.
And there's a scene where he really needed to take a bath but fell asleep.
Yucky.
I loved this book from beginning to end.
I will definitely recommend this book to my family and friends to read.
This book is one of the sweetest romances I've ever read.
Truly an amazing novel.
You will fall I love with all the characters...
The 2 main characters continue to make issues out of nothing.
The man is of course rich, famous and gorgeous.. the woman, frumpy, poor and with no self confidence.
Same old story.... however they love each other and continue to find ways not to be together....
Sad I wasted my time reading it!
A very interesting as well as heartfelt book with several sexually explicit parts.
I liked the progression of the relationship.
This wasn't' my favorite.
I really think the author could have eliminated the smut words and gotten her point across.
Love all the description and sports hero falling for geek.
Then after years apart they get their happily ever after.
Plus some.
What a story!
I felt the love pouring out of the main characters.
What a great feeling.
It made me feel that love still exists.
It took a minute for this book to catch but I actually truly enjoyed this book.
It is worth the read.
Just don't give up on it to soon and give it a minute I promise it will catch your interest.
Limited character development and an improbable plot combined to make this a challenge to finish.
A nice premise had me hoping for a compelling story about two individuals given a second chance to make a relationship work, but there was no real tension to the plot.
This one starts out really slow and really doesn't get much better.
I didn't feel the love connection between these two at all.
And there are quite a few grammar errors and misspelled words, which kept throwing me off from really enjoying the story.
Would I recommend this book?
Sorry... but probably not.
Second Chance Romance is a romantic story about an old flame that has a chance to reignite after a long separation.
A good book.
I loved how this story didn't take the normal route, instead it took a new path (in contrast to other story plots).
Definitely worth reading, such a wonderful love story.
It was awesome and i loved it my favorite part was when he proposed and the wedding and the part where she told them she was pregnant!!!! i just absolutely loved it!!!!!!:)<3
Good romantic book, easy read :) Loved getting to know the characters!
Author was very descriptive so you felt like you were there with the characters.
Good romantic book, easy read :) Loved getting to know the characters!
Author was very descriptive so you felt like you were there with the characters.
Nice Romance novel.
I married my high school best friend so can relate to the story.
Do recommend this book.
It reminds me of my life and gives me hope that one you let something go, if it comes back then it's meant to be.
I love a classic love story with real problems and issues.
I fell in love with Mandy and how Kip saw her as a beautiful creature even though she wasn't skinny.
I just loved it and can't wait to read more from the author
This book was really good.
It kept my interest throughout.
The characters were believable and the ending was just right.
I really enjoyed this book it was so nice seeing high school sweethearts have a happy ending.
I loved how devoted Kip is to girl who nobody noticed.
I am always searching for interesting romance stories and I came across many that have caught my attention.
One day, I came across this title `Second Chance Romance'.
This particular title is about giving your first lover a second chance in the relationship.
I'm always interested to know how these kinds of stories end.
A similar title with this kind of genre that I have read recently is `You're Never Too Late: A Second Chances Sensual Romance Special' by Sandra Ross.
Mandy and Kip were lover back in the high school.
In fact, they were one another's first love.
However, the relationship turns sour and they both decide to part ways.
Fast forward ten years later, Mandy is a single mother and enjoy her jobs as teacher and Kip made it on a professional hockey team playing as the goalie.
One day they met each other again on Facebook and they began to share with each other of the experiences that they have been through over the years.
Despite what has happened in the past between them, should they give their relationship a second chance?
Loved the story.
Not too many people get a second chance with the love of their lives.
Excellent read.
Would recommend to anyone.
It had great detailed sex and overall was a great book .
Lots suspense and once again the sex .
It makes me horny so I bet it will to u to
This book was a good one.
I like how their past comes out during their relationship to prove they are really meant to be together.
OMG, I so loved this one.
I couldn't put it down want to read more of this book.
Wish there a series.
The book was nothing special it was really a okay book.
The plot for me was kinda llloonnnggg and didn't move fast enough for me.
The character though were very very well written and your really get to know both main characters and read what their feeling.
The thing that killed it for me again was the pace of the book, really slow.
Your reading about how the couple is trying to get back together and make things work and you read here and there about their sex.
Which I love, but I just wish you could have read more about the couple AFTER FINALLY they get together.
This was a great happy, sappy love story!
It was a little easy to figure out, typical romance novel, but still good.
Left me with a smile!
There really wasn't anything BAD to say about the story but I am the type of reader that wants the book to pull you in from the beginning and this one just didn't cut it for me, honestly I didn't get past chapter 2.
Writing quality was good but the story line just wasn't there.
But I purchased it because it was FREE so I am not all that disappointed that it didn't work for me, but if it's still free give it a chance you might like it.
I enjoyed this book slot and it was free at the time I downloaded it on my kindle fire.
I would of bought it if it weren't free I read a good read it was simple,romantic, and sex in it so not for young readers.
Enjoy!!!!
Surprisingly good.
I was just looking for a book to read and bought this one, glad i did it was worth it.
Loved it it kept me reading without putting it down.
Once I started I had to keep reading.
True love is great
It was a nice easy read and kept my interest through the story.
Would recommend it to someone else for sure.
I'm a bit of a hockey fan, so I love getting books that are based around the sport.
This was a great book and I can't wait to get others by this author in the future.
This book was cute, but I found it boring.
I am a big fan of the long lost love reconnecting genre, there are so many ways the story can play out.
This one just didn't seem to get that spark between the characters across.
I am also a big fan of the hot hockey player, Kip just sounded nerdy.
I was looking for an easy read, with a happliy-ever-after ending and this book fit the need.
It wasnt particularly well written or with a complelling story line, but the characters were nice to be with for a few hours.
This book captured my heart right from the beginning... so much I could not put it down til I finished it.
Talk about how things never go the way you have them planned. this story brings a high school sweethearts separated by different paths into a fairy tale come to life.
It was a very good book.
Did not went to put it down.
It took me a day to read it.
I wasnt overly impressed with the story, the plot, the characters, basically all of it.
I definitely would not suggest this book to anyone.
The storyline was good.
The characters likeable.
Not sure if bad transfer as dreaded format changed some of the written word sBut the cadence was really off.
It felt as if they were talking with simpler vocabularies then they should have been.
Sometimes it felt stilted.
Doesn't make me want to run out buy another book by this author
It was a cute romance.
Easy and quick summer read.
The plot and sex held your attention through till the last pages
This book was beautifully sweet,romantic, funny, and sexy.
I enjoyed it so much I read it in a day.
Loved it.
This book was great.
I liked it very much.
It was really nice to read a really plausible book.
Thanks a lot.
I really enjoyed that story it was something everybody dreams about meeting back up with their first love from school!
It had meat and really was a very nice story!
Quite poorly written.
Has a bit of a slow start.
Very quick read but wouldn't recommend to a friend.
Boring characters.
This book tells you that your first love , May also be your last love Great storyline, with believable characters.
I like stories about couples who reunite but I found this one a bit boring.
I thought the reason they split in the first place a bit odd when Mandy could have easily gone to school where Kip went to play Hockey.
I didn't really connect with the characters of Mandy or Kip.
I found Kip going through his box of memories from his time with Mandy a bit girlie.
Even his messages to her on facebook were a bit girlie.
He wasn't very manly for a hockey player!
I got bored reading it.
Yes it has some sex scenes but there was just something about how it was written that didn't hold my attention.
OK for a freebie, but doesn't make me want to read more by this author.
Kip and Mandy will steal your heart.
I really enjoyed this story.
A good quick read, with a great ending.
with this book.
The language sounds like an 8th grader learning to use nasty and vulgar words.
Not even bad language, just vulgar.
And I'm no prude by any long stretch of the imagination.
I just don't think these words needed to be in the book.
Again, it made the story juvenile and icky to read, so I didn't make it very far in the book.
And that's why it got one star.
So, clean up the language and then try it again and see if it doesn't work better.
really liked the book alot!! liked the characters makes you wish there was real guys that nice. and i think it is great that a big girl got the guy!
I really enjoyed this book!
Brought me back to memories of my high school sweet heart.
Left me thinking, what if.....
Loved it!
Couldn't put it down.
Made me cry at some points.
Will recommend for future readers.
Just amazingly wrote.
I could not put this book down.
I was so wrapped up in the simple and sweet love story.
Brought out a lot of emotions in me that I had forgotten.
It's good to have stories with trials and heartache that turn in to blessed happiness.
Great book!
I really enjoyed reading this book and getting to know the characters.
It was another book that I just wanted to ready until I was finished.
I couldn't put this book down...
The only bad thing was its to short..
I wish it would have been longer but it was still very good...
Good romance about lost love.
It's a book some people could relate to from their high school years.
I recommend this book.
I don't particularly enjoy writing bad reviews.
I do appreciate the difficulty in being a writer and being successful at it.
That being said:I usually read the lowest rated reviews for a book before I purchase it.
I do that because a lot of the time the reasons some readers dislike a book would not bother me in the least.
Well, I should have listened to the bad reviews for this book.
They are all very accurate.
I have NEVER....
NEVER EVER read a book where the grammatical errors took anything away from my enjoyment of the book as long as it's a good story.
Until this one.
There are so many errors that it distracted me to the point where I was actually confused completely.
Like another reviewer stated, there are incorrect words, words completely left out, apostrophes where there is no need for them, etc.
What really got to me were the "missing" words and the "incorrect" words.
Those mistakes literally made those sentences useless other than to confuse me!!
Okay, the story.
So, so boring.
Nothing happens.
Seriously,.... nothing.
Childhood sweethearts separate for the good of the boy's career.
They meet up 11 years later.
Well, that's nice.
But there is nothing in this book to make it interesting!
No jealous exes, no dramatic occurrences while they were separated, no obstacles in the present.
I mean NOTHING.
The hero, (I use that term loosely) wasn't overly jealous, or possessive (which I LOVE).
The leading lady wasn't suffering or in need of help or in need of a "hero", she was doing just fine in life.
Like I said, NO SUBSTANCE here at all.
To top it all off, the very last sentence of this book was horrible.
Many may think I'm crazy for thinking that, but without ruining anything for anyone, the last sentence made me think, "WTF does THAT mean?"This isn't the worst book I've ever read, but even 99 cents is TOO much for this book.
LOL I read another reviewer state that the author uses too much vulgar language,...
WHERE??????
The "F" bomb was dropped a few times, so what??
I also read that this was labeled "erotica"????
SERIOUSLY????????
No.
Absolutely not erotica in any way, shape or form.
That label for this book is hysterical.
So, there is MY opinion.
Do with it what you will.
But if you like dramatic, sexy, romantic, exciting stories this book will NOT do it for ya.
Some of MY favorite books are:The Blood Bound series~~by Amy BlankenshipThe Black Dagger Brotherhood series~~by JR WardThe Night Huntress series~~by Jeaniene FrostBeautiful Disaster~~by Jamie McGuireReal~~by Katie EvansBeautifully Damaged~~by L. A Fiore
This book was definately a not good freebie.
My first thought as I was reading this book was that English was not the authors' first language.
The dialogue was sooooo stilted and then I realized it was so stilted because no one used contractions in their speaking.
We live in a world of speeding things up and contractions speed up speech....
I will instead of I'll, can not instead of can't just makes the dialogue not authentic.
Considering the age and history of the H/H this book needed a faster pace.
The fact the Kip (or rather as one typo referred to him as CRIP... what a hoot) was still afraid of his mother opens up a whole can of Oedipal issues.
I will forget this book in a couple of hours.....
I have gotten many freebies and would have paid for them.... this one cost me nothing but time wasted.
It started out great, but it soon appeared that the author only wanted to write about his fantasy sex scenarios.
I decided not to waste my time with this book. clearly written by a male author.
The story line was really good.
The "hot" scenes could have been a little better.
Would definitely recommend this one.
Good story but I did not appreciate the language used in the book.
I don't believe the story needed it.
I am a big fan of romance and this book was as good as they come.
It's intreging and fun to the end.
What a great novel, I absolutely loved the second chance Kip received from Mandy!
That's how all true love stories should end!
Never thought I would enjoy a story about a hockey player but this one was so good.
It was refreshing to know that not all professional players are out for one thing.
This guy was so amazing.
Enjoyed the characters.
Liked that it wasn't just about skinny hot people.
And that big girls, slightly overweight or chubby girls get some love too from hot guys.
Loved it, will definitely read again.
It was fast ,could not stop reading it. i knew where it was going yet I had to keep reading
Great Love Story!
So happy that I read it!!
Well written!!!
Can not wait for the next book to come!
I downloaded this book as a test to see if my new kindle worked and out of curiosity, I read the first chapter.
I found myself finish it 4 hours later.
Very good book.
Second chance romance was a cute romance about high school sweethearts reunited after a decade.
It was sweet... a good read..
Amazing!
When they say a story pulls at it heart... that is this book.
It hooks you in right away and keeps you reading until your done and wanting more.
I loved this book!
It has the ups and downs of a normal relationship that any couple has.
It all works out in the end though.
I completely recommend this book!!
Was a great book.
It was an enjoyable book of second chances.
Refreshing read on how true love prevails in people's lives over time.
I loved this story of lovers reuniting!
This story proves that sometimes love is strong enough to last even after 11 years apart.
I felt the love between them through the entire book.
Fast service, product top quality.
Highly reccommend this seller, very professional.
REceived item very quickly.
Item was as described in advertisment.
I found this to be a great book.
I didn't want to put it down.
I love a good love story and this was definitely that.
I would strongly recommend
Great story!
Couldn't put it down.
Loved it on my Kindle as well.
Check it out you won't be disappointed.
Beautiful love story :) wishy washy on the romance scenes though... could've been more descriptive and lengthier ;) none the less, it was good.
This was a very good book.
I wish it could have been alittle longer an more into their relationship but overall I couldn't put the book down.
I'm a sucker for hockey so I really liked this book.
If you want a struggle, then happily ever after this is the book to read!
Enjoy!!
Had never read her before but will again she tells a story that pulls at your heart and makes you cheer on the couple if you love a good romance with a great ending buy this book I finished it in one night
This book keep me reading page after page...... it had just enough stuff to keep me interest and it lovers it
Super Book and Seller above A++++++, Amazon Thank you.
I will be buying again from this seller.
The Book is perfect went right into my reader smooth and beyond what I excepted dealing with Amazon.
Every Gurl should have this book.
Again Thank you.
Just the fact that Kip took a chance in finding Mandy again and accepting whatever she came with, he knew that they were meant to be together.
I love where lost loves always seem to find eachother no matter how many time and distance between the two...
This story was just too sweet yet had some great adultness to it.
I really enjoyed these characters and it's one of the better books I've read in some time.
You can't help but want to keep reading to find the connection.
And that's not just the main characters...
I loved the other characters as well.
I think it's likable because there are many people who may be able to relate to the story line.
Second Chance RomanceIt's a very easy follow love story and I really enjoy reading this book, hope to find a good story book like this.
I loved this book it had everything I like in a story but would have liked more sex scenes I have become a fan..
Awesome... loved it!
Have not read in a really long time... recently , that has changed.
This is a good read.
Thanks!
It is hard when life makes an unexpected fork in the road.
It can pull at you and pull at you until you are sure you are doing the right thing and though you may not regret events after that fork you may also still regret the way you took.
This story was no different.
Fate interferes and brings to long lost loves back on the same path.
Now they have to choose whether its worth the risk.
It was a very good read.
This was a beautiful story that kept me up till late because I couldn't put it down.
Kip is the hottest guy in school hockey is everything to him.
Mandy is what she considers overweight and geeky.
The last thing she expects is to become Kip's focus.
That's all I will say I don't want to ruin it for anyone.
I highly recommend this book it is a beautiful story of first love and second chances.
I enjoyed this book very much. the book kept me turning the pages to see what was going to happen next.
This was a good sized novel, with an actual plot, and romance to go with all the Great SEX!
Glad I got it!
I liked the story line but have to agree that the grammer was distracting.
Overall, seemed like a great start to something even better.
I absolutely Loved it!
This book had a great story to it.
It had a good ending to it. :)
Great story, could not put it down once i started. loved all of the characters. thanks so much. good book
I downloaded this book because it was a freebie, which I'm glad it was free because if I had paid for it, I'd be requesting a refund, lets just be frank.
Bearing in mind that it was free - there were plenty of grammar and punctuation problems that I could pick at.
I won't because I liked the story enough to overlook them.
It was your basic boy meets girl, boy leaves girl to play hockey, grown man comes back still in love with woman, woman still in love with man.
You know what though?
I love that kind of story from time to time.
I especially liked the hockey aspect of it.
Let's just be honest - if E L James can become a best seller with all the problems the 50 Shades books have....
Need I say more?
I didn't want to stop reading, need to know what was going to happen with Mandy & Kip.
Romance with fire making you want to seek the same.
Out of all the books that I have downloaded to my Kindle this is the first review I've ever made simply because this book was a page turner I could NOT put down.
I started reading this morning and just finished.
One of the best romance books I have read in a LONG time!
AND it was FREE!
When I first started the book I was a little irritated at the way the lettering was showing up on my Kindle (format) and was thinking that this would typically be another romance book where I knew exactly what would happen.
HECK NO!
I absolutely loved the fact that there was a creative twist thrown in that I wasn't expecting.
Although we all knew that they'd end up together, it kept me guessing how.
I am extremely excited to read the rest of the collection and I will literally be checking every day to see if a new one is out!
Way to go Ruth Cardello!
I am looking forward to more of your books to add to my Kindle! :) KEEP 'em coming!!!
(Please and Thank You!)
I highly recommend this book, and can't wait to read the remaining books in the series.
Couldn't put it down, and loved that the characters were so well developed.
Maid for the Billionaire was an excellent read!
Fun, funny, and a few surprises.
I even laughed out loud a few times.
My only disappointment - when I got to the end, I was ready to buy the next book... but it wasn't available yet.
But I'm looking forward to it.
Hats off to the author!
Can't wait for the next one!
The story was fast paced and funny and not nearly as predictable as I expected it to be.
There was a great character setup and by the end of the book I'd fallen for all of the characters and I can't wait to discover the rest of their stories.
I am very hard on authors but I really really liked this book, I had wished it was even longer.
The story keeps your attention keeps you interested and you are always wondering what's next.
I still don't like men that are rich and have to have their own way and are pushy but in this case it worked.
Enjoy.
Althought the cost is worthwhile on Amazon I got it free on another website.
It was great!
I read it in one day!
Totally loved it.
Maid for the billionaire (book 1)legacy collection by Ruth Carrillo
I truly enjoyed Maid for the Billionaire!
I especially enjoyed how Abby and Dominic relationships starts.
From the begin you can tell Abby is the person who alway takes care of everyone.
Dominic is always the one who gets his way.
It was great to see how the two character interacted!
They both have there strong personalities.
I know while the story unfold I was hoping they would find there way to each other in the end!
If you looking for a enjoy romance it would be a must read!
Excellent story of wealth and the bad and good that comes with having it.
Fast moving read with an exciting story line.
Kept my attention from start to finish.
Romanic, passionate and fun read.
I don't understand all of these amazing reviews on this book.
I thought it was flat out awful, but I trudged through the whole thing due to all of the great reviews it had, just hoping and thinking that is HAD to get better.
It didn't.
I really don't like tearing books apart and normally just skip doing a review if I didn't enjoy it (I know I could never write a cohesive story myself and try to give authors their due credit for doing so), but this was so far fetched and unrealistic and there are SO MANY raving reviews that I just had to write a warning to other serial romance readers.
First off, I did expect some cheesy factor - if you read the description, then you knew the premise of the story and that it would have some fantasy/unrealistic factors.
However, I did not expect the entire book to have just one after another after another, instead of creating a believable plotline after the extraordinariness of their initial meeting.***Spoiler Alert - skip this para if you don't want to know details*** Discounting their cliche meeting (since it was in the title of the book), she a) left with him to go to another country after knowing him for ONE DAY, b) he apparently has enough $$ to get her a passport within TWO HOURS as she has never left the country before (making the one day trip even more believable), c)she just HAPPENS to speak the language of the country they are going to (ok, at least a reason was given for this even if unlikely) and d)he offers to donate 10 PERCENT of company profits to charity just like that?
No looking at numbers, financing dept, etc necessary?
The US average is 3% and a big deal is made over companies that do 5%, so 10% is a HUGE amount.
And those are just a few examples.
Unfortunately, the book is riddled with them and it would take hours to list them all out properly - especially the last few chapters of the book (ahem~forgives mother in 2 paragraphs~ahem).
All of that aside, I really can't stand when an author wraps up one major plot point at the end and then tacks on a whole bunch of smaller issues just to make everything neat and tidy like this one did.
Everything and the kitchen sink was throw in the final chapter to make them one big happy family without showing how they got there, as well as suddenly dropping in a cliff hanger for the next book.
Yes, I read romance, but I am not an idiot.
I like to understand and relate to the characters, I like to work with them through the issues and problems so that when we come out the other side, I feel like we really fought for something and treasure our win.
Throwing in a villian last second, a 5 second reconcilliation of a 20 yr hurt and a left field cliff hanger to set up the next book did not allow me to do that.
The book was one dimensional, unbelievable and baffling (to me at least) in its reviews.
I loved this book because people from two different worlds came to try together in powerful love and made each other better people for it.
I said one more chapter then off to bed, but I could not put it down.
It is a captivating storyline.
I would recommend this book to my friends.
I am looking forward to book 2.
Any format issue mentioned was slight and insignificant and took nothing away from the book.
I can't believe this book was free.
It was a great, fast-paced read.
Can't wait for August to read the next in the series.
I laughed, I cried, I immediately looked for more by this author.
She better write faster.
I need the next story.
A good R rated story, not XXX.
The story starts out as a case of mistaken identity.
Alli is filling in for her sick sister and cleans Dominic's brownstone.
Dominic comes to town to attend the reading of his father's will.
He rarely stays at the Boston brownstone so when he walks in and finds a woman he assumes the woman is the hired help.
Alli takes one look at Dominic and she sees through his polished exterior and sees a wounded man.
Alli's instantly has compassion for Dominic and wants to befriend him but Dominic's domineering, cunning and rigid personality chases Alli away.
But not before they have a quick intimate interaction and Dominic decides he must have Alli.
He pursues Alli and this is where the story begins.
What a great love story.
I loved this story.
I could definitely read it again.
Alli was relatable.
I like how Dominic and Alli personalities complimented each other, were Alli calmed Dominic and gave him clarity Dominic excited Alli and gave her the strength to be bold.
I love the line Dominic delivered when Alli told him she wanted to return to Boston.
The passion they had for each other leaped off the paged.
Love it.
I can't believe this was free.
I'm kind of upset about all the money I've spent on crappy stories and got this really good one for free.
Biggest and only grip about the story was it took place in a week time.
Would I recommend this to a friend?
YES!
YES!
YES!
This is book is a well written fast paced read.
I had the hardest time putting it down I just wanted to know what was going to happen next.
I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
Thanks to the Author for touching me with your wonderful words.
The story ran smoothly, was very enjoyable, I look forward to the next book in the series, and more by this author.
This was a great book of anyone that likes a good romance.
Abby was a wonderful strong heroine, while still being compassionate, loyal, and loving.
Dominic was the basic alpha male that everyone drools over.
There were only two things that really bugged me.
1- The font was weird.
I read a lot, and maybe my eyes are just used to the standard font most books use.
But it bugged while I was reading it.
2- Because of the description of the book I thought that the series was complete.
So I got online to purchase the next book, only to find that Ruth Cordello is only listed with this book.
I had to look her up on google to find out what the deal was.
She wrote that she changed the description to list the release dates of the other books, but I couldn't find them even when I checked again.
On her website it said that book 2 would be out at the end of summer 2011.
One Suggestion: Maybe a preorder would be a good option for books 2 and 3.
I read a lot of books(over 300 this year so far).
Usually the only ones that I actually pay for are ones in a series that I know I like, or books that I've read before and want to read again.
So for me to remember that I want to know what happens to Nicole and Lil will probably only last until I finish my next book.
A pre-order would have been great, because as long as the books had been under $5 I would have bought them both.
I did enjoy this book and would recommend it to anyone who asked.
Who wouldn't enjoy a story of the responsible school teacher being whisked off to the foreign shores of China.
The battle between love and pride, the past and the present, and don't forget the tarnished Knight(Dominic) against the Black Knight(Shephen).
Although our school teacher is no damsel in distress her story is a good one, and the supporting characters are great.
I especially wouldn't mind reading a 4th book about Zhang, was there a connection between her and that sheep herder?
Hopefully, I will remember to reconnect with these characters in the future!!!
This was a fantastic book.
I started yesterday morning and found myself bringing my Kindle with me everywhere I went to sneak in a few more pages.
Finished it in record time and looking forward to the sequel!
Definitely a great read!
This author is amazing. :) I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
I loved this story.
Abby pretending to be a maid to help save her sister's maid job and oh then being caught in her lie by Dominic the owner and her sister's boss.
Too good!!
The first meeting was a little off kilter, but from there on out, I couldn't stop reading.
I loved this story and I am definitely going to read the ones to come... please hurry!
I never know what to expect when I pick up a free romance novel, but this one really surprised me!!
I was torn between tears and joy towards the end of the book!
The story and the characters really pull you in!
This book angered me so much.
The man was abusive and controlling the entire time they were together.
She put up with it because she "loves him".
This sends a bad message to anybody in an abusive relationship that it is okay to let someone control you as long as they tell you they love you.
I do not recommend this book, and I was so angered by it that I could not even finish it.
I absolutely recommend this book series!
I loved them all!
This book has everything in it and the love story is creative!
I couldnt put this book down and actually have read it a couple more times.
Wow can't wait to get started with the next book in the series!
Keeps you reading, didn't want to stop reading.
Loved it romance and family novel on in one can not wait to read more of these types of stories
Loved this book.
I am definitely reading the rest of the books.
I was grabbed on the very first page, just couldn't.
Put it down.
Adored this book.
From the moment the two main characters meet till the very end its full of passion and intensity.
Fantastic plot leading into the next segment of this series.
Can't wait to read to read the rest of the series.
It doesn't get much better than vicariously living unrequited fantasies through Ruth Cardello's modern romance series, the Legacy Collection.
Let's face it ladies, who hasn't dreamed of being swept away by tall, dark, and handsome or, my personal favorite, blonde, tanned, and hellaciously hunky?
Oh, and did I mention fabulously filthy rich?
Each of Ruth Cardello's sassy, sexy fast-reads follows a newly budding relationship in the throes of infancy.
Eclectic personalities, palpable chemistry, and personal demons all formulate into lively, highly entertaining easy-reads.
Keeping familiarity, yet keeping things fresh, Ruth Cardello pulls from a menage of auxiliary characters to take center stage in succeeding novels.
And never fear!
The previously featured couples do not fade into happily-ever-after, or merely put in cameo appearances; but rather, their continuing storylines intertwine with the freshly brewing romance as they cannot seem to keep their fingers out of the pie.
Chuckle worthy wit, tear welling tenderness, and giddilicious romance will have you falling in love with Ruth Cardello's modern romance series, the Legacy Collection, and begging for more!
Well, at the very least, dreamily envisioning being swept away by your very own Prince Charming and living happily-ever-after.
Modern-day fairy tales?*devilish gleam, impish smile*…Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore. - L. Frank Baum: The Wizard of OzRuth Cardello's Legacy Collection Series in order: 1- Maid for the Billionaire, 2 - For Love or Legacy, 3 - Bedding the Billionaire, 4 - Saving the Sheikh.
It's so hard to believe all these 5-star reviews, that I have to wonder what the reviewers usually read - the back of cereal boxes?
While the relationship between the H & H is one I usually enjoy - spunky, idealistic woman shows powerful man the error of his success-obsessed ways - the way the story plays out is so hackneyed and simplistic that there's no enjoyment to reading it.
Cardello's an author who believes in telling readers what characters feel rather than allowing the plot and character development to reveal it, and she throws every cliche in the series-romance arsenal into the plot: clueless heroine who saves the uber-successful hero's business, betrayals that are really loyal support, missing mother who shows up at the end and decades of painful history are erased in a group hug.
Even the sex scenes are fairly mechanical.
Truthfully this is like a book written by a committee - one plot development from column a, one from column b, and so on.
Even free, it's not worth it.
Seriously, 16-5 star reviews out of 21???
I started reading this free ebook out of boredom, but I should have taken a nap instead.
Unbelievable plot-billionaire about to lose his fortune in a bad deal, in steps a middle school teacher who saves him, his money and the future of the world.
Skip this one.
Everything the other reviewers said and more.
I couldn't put it down and read it in one sitting.
I'm a very fast reader and get bored quickly.
But not on this one.
I read every page.
I can't wait until the next installment!
I'll be looking forward to more from Ruth Cardello.
Rated 3.5 out of 5 White Roses.
Dominic Corisi is on top of the world in the business world, with his company about to make a major deal with China.
However, his home life is a little more vague.
His father just passed away, his mother is still missing and his sister despises the sound of his very name.
So he goes home, about to drown his doubts away in a bottle when he comes across the maid cleaning his house, who tells him to take a shower because he stinks and offers to get him some food.
She may be just the distraction he needs.
Abigail Dartley has always followed the rules and never stepped a toe out of line.
But family always came first to Abigail so when her sister needed her, she was there.
There just happened to be filling in as a maid and cleaning a rich man's house all because her sister was sick and she couldn't afford to lose her job.
No one told her the rich man would randomly walk in smelling like a bar tap or that he would look so lonely.
It was hard not to feel compassion for him and it was even harder not to want to be there for him.
Now here's my humble opinion...
This is a Cinderella meets Beauty & The Beast but without the Beast being a literal beast.
Abby met Dominic and her roller-coaster/whirlwind romance started.
While it's sweet like an 80s movie it also had elements that were too good to be true.
It was just hard to believe that Abby would randomly go to China with Dominic on his business trip when they've only known each other a couple of days just because Dominic said he needed her.
I understand that she was stepping out of her comfort zone and trying to live for the first time in ages but she went from church mouse to dare-devil in the blink of an eye.
I also found Abby's character a little bit confounding.
Most times she was rather bland in comparison to Dominic's strong character.
However, when she did show signs of personality it was almost awkward for her character.
It was like she couldn't decide whether she wanted to have a strong presence or a meeker one.
Instead, she ended up not being as entertaining as she could have been.
I suppose that Maid For The Billionaire is actually more like the movie Pretty Woman just without the prostitution element.
You have a very rich and handsome businessman randomly meeting the poor but kindhearted teacher and falling head over heels in love with her.
What woman doesn't want that???
It's simply a modern day fairy tale, something sweet and nice to dream and hope for.
Don't Forget To Smell the Flowers,The Rose CourtesanReadingHaven. com
I thought the guy was such a jerk.
I couldn't see why the woman would have anything to do with him.
He basically strong-armed his way through the entire book and then they abruptly tied all the loose ends into a bow, except one.
Which left you needing to read the next book if you wanted to know what happened.
Not even remotely satisfying.
I got this book as a freebie.
All that did was turn me into a big fan of Ruths.
I have since read all of the billionaire series and anything else of hers I could find.
I admire the character Abby she has had a tough life but she is determined not to take any of his crap.
Of course there is alot more to this story.
You'll have to read it to see more for yourself .
I loved the book.
I couldn't put it down.
It moved along very quickly.
I can't wait to download the next one.
This book was so easy to get lost in and escape reality!!
While it isn't completely realistic (like other reviews have mentioned), that is why I like it so much.
Easy to get lost in a fantasy story!!
I am hooked on this series after reading this book!
I give this book a 5 star rating.
The characters kepted my interest all the way through.
It was not slow and drawn out.
I really enjoyed it.
The book was easy to follow.
Interesting characters.
I enjoyed getting to know the characters.
Feels like family by the end of the book.
Two reasons I downloaded this book: it's free and it has great reviews.
I'm truly sorry to criticize another writer but, having read 25%, I can't see what's there to rave about.
Both protagonists are stupid and I don't care what happens to them.
I also wondered if I'm too old for romance novels but there are other reviewers who didn't like this one either, so perhaps not.
Sorry, but I refuse to spend more time reading this one.
I already gave it a chance; now, I'm moving on.
One of the best novel I have read in a very long time.
At first I started hating Dominic but then my opinions changed.
I loved the story and the characters
Maid for the Billionaire was a very sweet book.
I downloaded it free so I wasn't sure what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised at how developed Abby was as a character and how much I loved Dominic by the end of the book.
There are typos but nothing that deterred me from continuing my journey.
Abby and Dominic's time together spans over a very short period of time but in spite of that I could see why they fell in love with one another.
I laughed and smiled often while reading the book and the book took directions that were unexpected.
I enjoy an alpha male that reveals his weakness for his true love even as he tries not to.
The scenes where Dominic attempts to keep his true feelings at bay without success were hot and romantic.
I am impressed with the storytelling ability of Ruth Cardello.
This story was just okay for me.
Don't get me wrong, the character development was good.
I found myself laughing out loud at a couple of the characters, and I will continue to read this series for that reason.
The storyline was good.
Overall, this book was "good" for a light read.
For me, this book was just a little too much with the happy endings.
I guess I kept looking for a little bit of "real life" to drop in on this book at some point.
Who doesn't like the Pretty Woman story right?
The private jets, the money, the power, the international whims.... this book has it all!
If a light, "feel-good" story is what you are after, then you can't go wrong with this one.
After all, it is free right?
, Wow hot at every page.
Heart stoping, fear ragieng, mind blowing wonderful.
All I can say is not as perdictable as one would think.
I cannot wait for the next two books.
This book was funny and kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time I was reading it.
The heroine is feisty and does not take any of Domicnic's mess.
I enjoyed seeing a strong heroine, as well as a leading man that shows his love for the woman in his life.
You will not regret it.
I have purchased less interesting books that I wish I could get my money back.
This book was free and I would still pay for it in order to read it.
Okay let me get this out of the way first because I did really enjoy this book, but the author has GOT to get an editor!
There were so many mistakes and typos in this kindle version I found myself re-reading several different sentences to make sense of them!
That aside the story was surprisingly good.
The characters were fairly well developed and the storyline with the actions of the characters, while very similar to the typical romance novel model, showed the characters actually had a brain and presented plausible scenarios to explain their actions.
And even if at times I was frustrated with the action or felt things dragged slightly each part of the story and each action of the character had its purpose that actually made sense and wasn't just some contrived plot point by the author to create conflict solely for the sake of conflict.
Great start to a series I look forward to reading!
If you are into romance novels, you can not go wrong with this read.
It was witty, funny, and quick paced.
I read through it on a June gloom day.
The book has all the elements of a great romance novel: a strong, yet sensitive male, a smart-mouthed woman, a chase, and of course a catch.
The whole book surrounded the plot, unlike some free books where you can skip half the pages and still get the point.
I was expecting for it to be all three parts of the collection.
It is not, it just has the first installment. :( I was disappointed to see that the last two books are not available yet.
I checked in on Ruth Cardello's Twitter page, and the second book will be available at the end of the summer.
I am definately looking forward to reading it.
I would have paid to read this story so getting to enjoy it for free is a no brainer!
The plot was far-fetched, the characters were two-dimensional, their "love" was unrealistic, and the ending was cheesy.
I moreso skimmed the book and skipped the boring parts.
I was not impressed.
I loved this story.
Abby pretending to be a maid to help save her sister's maid job and oh then being caught in her lie by Dominic the owner and her sister's boss.
Too good!!
Good story and enjoyed reading it.
I think it is stupid to have to review the books.
Just read it!
The rating was chosen because is was an excellent book.
Loved everything about the book.
The mystery and the love story kept me reading and it was page turner.
I have already recommend the book friends.
Awesome book
I wish choosing above five stars was possible.
This book keeps you interested and wanting more.
Great read!
Couldn't put it down!
I could not finish this.
The guy was an egotistical ass and the girl must have had no self-esteem to put up with it --- oh but she is trying to take his childhood pain away.
How rewarding is that.
What was with the author throwing in this Chinese female liberation stuff half way through the book - this was just dumb and not tied well to the story.
I don't even want to waste any more time on this review.
Dumb dumb dumbCan't get into the "romance" when you hate the characters :-)
I read this book based on other reviews.
The writing was juvenile, and while the story line intrigued me at first, the sex scenes were embarrassingly bad.
The author needs to get over her hang up with erect nipples.
By the end, even the story line writing went sour.
Perhaps the author had a deadline?
It's like someone else took over.
Sorry, for this genre of book, I've read some fantastic novels, this was not one.
Other negative reviews capture many of the problems with this book much better than I can.
But the most disgusting thing it is is how this man is so perfect because he's a "self-made billionaire" -- so dedicated and hard working.
But where did the wealth actually come from?
Who did the labor?
Adding value to what?
Sold to whom/where?, in order for the $$$ to arrive in his bank accounts?
And this hard working "big" sister, the "responsible one", who suddenly becomes mush for this cardboard character?
I won't even try to articulate the arrogance and chauvinism about the people and government of China, a country of more than a billion human beings, that does function day-to-day without ignorant Americans who don't even speak the language helping negotiate major policy changes...
I loved it!
Need more feel good books!
I think I will read the collection when I get more time
I quickly connected to the characters and story.
It was fast paced, fantastic, but believable and moved smoothly through any parts that weren't believable!
I got this free and I must say its probably the best free book I've ever read!
I would even pay for future books from this author!
I am ready to read more of the Legacy Collection.
Ruth Cardello is a great writer, very captivating.
Greatly recommended.
Maid for the billionaire is funny and witty.
Can't wait to read book two.
Really enjoyed the characters.
Great read!
Not just you typical sex story.... had a plot, realistic characters and even made me laugh in a few spots.
This was an excellent book!
It could not wait to see what was going to happen in the next chapter.
I am also super excited to see what the next couple books have in store!
TOOK A CHANCE ON THIS BOOK JUST BY THE READING THE SAMPLE.
I TRULY ENJOYED ALL THREE OF THE BOOKS IN THIS COLLECTION.
AFTER FIFTY SHADES OF GREY I WAS LOOKING FOR SOMETHING ELSE TO KEEP MY ATTENTION AND ALTHOUGH THIS COLLECTION IS NOT QUITE AS DETAILED AND RACY IT WAS AN ENJOYABLE AND GOOD READ.
I HAVE RECOMENDED IT TO THE OTHERS AT WORK AND THEY TO ENJOYED THIS COLLECTION.
THIS IS A BOOK ABOUT TWO SISTERS AND FINDING MR RIGHT AND FAMILY HOWEVER YOU GET THERE ALONG THE WAY.
READ THE SAMPLE IT WILL HOOK YOU......
After the first time of passing this book by, I broke down and downloaded to my kindle android for something to kill some time with.
The description leads you to believe its yet another one of those stories, but it was certainly better than anticipated.
And yes I did go ahead and buy the follow-up books.
... gawd what a great story, albeit short & succinct.. still superbly told (with strong undertones of J. L. James' "FIFTY SHADES OF GREY" trilogy)..
Still through all the "Fifty" parallels, this story is nicely told and well worth the time and effort to read.
I loved the lessons learned by our sexy alpha male of the story.. as well as his constantly underestimating what is right under his nose.
Downside: Character descriptions are weak and lacking (anyone know the main characters' ages?????); but considering the short length of the story, it's understandable (though sad), why this Author didn't spare much time to character details/description.
The plot is exciting with all the twists and turns and intrigue... and a bit of adventure.
The whole package was nicely wrapped and delivered even with the sappy ending dialogue.
LOVED THIS STORY!
Started reading it and DID NOT once put the book down!
I LOVE Dominic!
Now on to For Love or Legacy!
This is a great read.
I recommend this to anyone who loves romance...
The second book is just as good.
I am impatiently waiting for book 3!!
I zoomed through this romance.
It really was like pretty woman-minus the whole hooker piece.
I liked the intrigue and the twists as well as the character development.
The female character was a little "dumbed down" for a woman who was supposed to be so smart and strong.
An absolute great read.. and free to boot.
What more can you ask for?
My only problem is that now I am hooked and I can't get the next books in the series.
I am dying to know what happens with Jake and Nicole.
I truely recommend this book to anybody that likes romance and the old adage that love can over come anything.
The title intrigued me and once I started to read I couldn't put it down!
I can't wait to read the next two books in the series.
Please have them on amazon soon.
This story was fun and kept moving.
The characters are interesting.
There were times when I could not stop reading because I had to find out what happened next.
This story was fun and kept moving.
The characters are interesting.
There were times when I could not stop reading because I had to find out what happened next.
Great book, never a dull moment.
Lots of intrigue, twists and turns.
Great fantasy/love story, in a Cinderella kind of way.
The follow-up books should be fun to read.
Thanks for the great escapes from our own less than exciting or ho-hum lives.
Keep up the good work.
Janice Mote
This story starts out good, then turns exotic as they travel off to China!
She has to go as part of a deal, but love is NOT the deal, but could it be a bonus?
I like the whole story line .
And giving a women a story line with the will and fight to be an equal .
Very good book!
I liked the dialog between the two main characters.
He was strong, she was very clever and stuck to her guns.
Read this in 2 nights.
Cardello has a way of bringing the characters to life.
I recommend this to those that enjoy a good, fairy tale, romance story.
This book was really great, I just wish it had been a little longer and told the story a little bit more in detail.
I understand this is suppose to be a love at first site thing but come on, more story please!
Excitement to the extreme.
Feeling loss yet no emotion after the death of a father he walked away from and swore he would never be like Dominic learns he can have emotions.
Filling in for a sister home sick Abby meets someone who needs her more then he'll ever know.
Abby breaks out of her mold and saves the deal by initiating a humanitarian foundation.
First of all I'd like to state that this story was on the fence for me.
I enjoy romance novels with a story and this one had quite a story line to it.
As a romance novel it was okay.
Unfortunately, there were some aspects that I felt needed development such as - can someone fall in love with another within a day or two?
The main female character is a school teacher and lived a very "safe" life, how can the story be justified that she leaves with a man she just met for China so soon after meeting him?
I would have thought her sense of safe judgement living would enter into the picture.
The book had an open ending and I didn't like that.
How was the problem presented in the last few pages going to be resolved?
I have to admit that I thought of Pretty Woman several times throughout also.
The story is unbelievable... i don't know of any human woman that can climax three times in about 10 minutes:o Is it physically possible?
ANd who in their right mind would fly off to Beijing with a stranger that you met the day before just for fun???
But i did read the entire thing and it was an ok read, just not very believable.
Character development was definately weak.
But for free, it was entertaining and not too bad.
Very good book.
I enjoyed the story line and the romance between the two.
I recomend to every one who loves romance.
I tried 3 times to get into this book, but I had no interest in it.
I will not be getting the others from this series.
This is a story that you curl up with for pure pleasure.
A great story and the characters are developed so you know them very well.
Well worth the time to read it.
I love how the rich guy falls in love with "the maid"....
Those stories always giveme hope.
A must read for everyone.
I couldn't put it down.. a real page turner...... oh the pure pleasures of immersing yourself in fantasy.... can't wait for part 2
I flew through the beginning of this book- could not get enough!
Slowed down in some areas!
But really liked the ending!
Ready to read the next book!
Loved this book.
Can't wait to read the next one and the next one to.
Look forward to reading more from Ruth.
This book is smartly written.
It's sexy and it has depth.
I just couldn't put it down I loved it!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book from beginning to end.
Was a quick and easy read.
Can't wait to read next book in this series.
Very entertaining read.
Sure, there were some cheesy parts and I don't pretend to believe in the real-life feasibility of the plot, but I loved the female character's sassiness and chemistry between her and Dominic.
The story kept my attention and flowed well.
Very entertaining read.
Sure, there were some cheesy parts and I don't pretend to believe in the real-life feasibility of the plot, but I loved the female character's sassiness and chemistry between her and Dominic.
The story kept my attention and flowed well.
I like this type of romance novel.
There is just the right amount of fantasy mixed in with realism.
The fantasy is that the male lead character is a single billionaire who falls for his maid.
It could happen in real life, but I think the chances would be extremely rare.
The realistic part is that the female lead character is spunky and very opinionated.
I like that she has enough moral character to tell the billionaire very frequently where he can shove his money because she is not for sale.
Because of that, I could see a wealthy man, who is used to winning, tossing money around trying to impress a girl who does not seem phased at all by his wealth or power.
Since there was so much happening in a short time span, it kept me, as the reader, involved.
I could not turn off my Kindle because I wanted to know how the story was going to end.
And then I felt that novel was a teaser for Book 2!
Knowing how Dominic and Abby's relationship developed, I can't wait to see how the other couples find their path to love.
This characters and turns of this book surprised me and created a new story in which I reveled.
This is worth the read!
I loved this book and couldnt put it down, defently my type of novel.
Didnt hesitate to get Book 2.
Love it, at first thought it will boring love story.
Then I was reading it whenever im on transportation.
Now im reading book 2
i loved this book. i read both of the books in about 3 day, i just got my kindle fire and am now to get back to the reading of books i always love such a peace of mind to be able to relax and read.
I typically find the freebies on Amazon to be short and lacking substance.... this was not the case with this book.
I love this book, and will be one that I pull out of Archives to re-read again and again......
I am on to book two.. with excitement to be back with this family.
I just love those HEA......
I really, really loved this face paced, fun read!
While the story, in reality would be highly unlikely, it still pulled me in and I believed every word.
LOL Abby was very likeable and Dominic was too.
I enjoyed hearing about the supporting characters too and I'm looking forward to reading about some of them in the next book.
Overall, great little romantic read.
I recommend it for sure!
This was a quick read with a lot of character development.
I like the authors writing style.
I would have liked a little more details during the sex scenes...
Overall a good read.
Totally out there plot-wise and 'meh' filler-wise.
Wasn't worth the time to read.
I deleted it from my collection right after I finished.
Love this story and the author!
Every page is just amazing.
The story is fast-paced and it's really entertaining that you just wanted to know what's going to happen next.
And did I say the romantic scenes are sexy??
It's been a while since I've read a good book, especially with the declining quality of romance books at present.
With this author, I now have hope!
Looking forward to her new book!
Ruth Cardello is a new Author for me and I loved this book.
The characters are interesting and not what they seem.
It was very down to earth but great reading .
I couldn't put this book down and I can't wait to read the following books.
I wish I had them now.
I was trying my new Kindle out looking for something to download cheap.
This book was a delight!
I can''t wait for the other books!
Please keep writing Ms. Cardello.
I would pay much more for your books.
The description of the story was enough to capture my interest but the 'can't put it down' reviews was the deciding factor.
What a find!
The only disappointment in this author is to find that this is her only book.
Within two pages, I was totally hooked.
Just a few pages into the story and I was amazed at the depth of feeling this author brought out in her characters.
I, too, was unable to lay the book down until I had read the last page.
We can only hope this author continues to write such wonderful love stories such as this.
This author is high on my 'to buy' list.
Hopefully another book is in the works, as a new fan of Ms. Cardello, I can hardly wait.
This book was great!
I didn't want to put it down and can't wait for the next one to come out!
i have read over 100 kindle books and have never felt the need to write a reveiw before. i was just surprised by this book. it started slow for me but soon i was hooked. i'm a reserved 30 yr old but this book had permagrin on my face several times. well balanced.
Thanks to Ruth Cardello and can't wait for the rest of these books. :)
I can not wait to read the next book.
This is my first book by Ruth Cardello but I have to say I could not sleep until I finished it.
This wonderful story reminded me a lot of a Harlequin Presents romance for its jet-setting, international locations and two main characters that leap from the page.
This is the sort of delicious book you devour in an afternoon curled on the sofa or soaking in the tub.
The hero and heroine carry the story in that they are both headstrong, passionate people that charge the air whenever they are together.
I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking to escape into a fast-paced, highly romantic read.
Maid for the Billionaire was initially gotten because it was a freebie and I set no great expectation on it.
I was in need of a read and was tired of all that was being offered free were the sickly erotic stories with no other meaning to the book but mindless sex and pretending, plus some of them got pretty disgusting.
I'm sorry everyone but my idea of romance is not sandwiched between 2 men and then watching them have a go. just NOT. *Shiver in revulsion* any way moving on!
This was such a great book and a fabulous read!!!
Pleasantly surprised is my description.
I won't waste your time telling you the storyline again because if you are like me, you read that already and are here to get an honest opinion on the book not a parrot review!
HONESTLY get the book while it is being offered free! you WILL NOT be disappointed.
This book actually has meat and potatoes and not all fluff!
I laughed, I cried and all the emotions in between.
The only disappointment I had was when I went to get the next book in the series that was supposed to be released May 2011 and can not find it???
What's up with that?? *Sigh* I am waiting.
So while we wait, get this and read it so you can wait along with me for the next installment!
Pam
I enjoyed this book - It drew me right in (definitely not a slow starter).
I was laughing and crying with the characters - I enjoyed it.
I will get her others books when they come out as well.
I enjoyed this book - It drew me right in (definitely not a slow starter).
I was laughing and crying with the characters - I enjoyed it.
I will get her others books when they come out as well.
I didn't really expect it, but it was funny, witty, heartwrenching, and a wild ride.
Yes, the plot was canned like most romances, but it was the delivery that mattered the most: the dialogues were really good, the characterization was so good that you feel in love with almost all of the characters and you wanted to know more about them, and each part of the plot was like an actress who delivers her lines with perfect timing and tone.
I was disappointed that the sequels are not out yet, but I'm definitely watching out for this author and her next books.
My next step after this review is to join her page on Facebook. :-)
I loved this book.. can hardly wait for the next one.
Ms Cardello is going to be on my favorite authors list.
I enjoyed this book very much and enjoyed the characters. i look forward to a continuation! i read it on my kindle and the only disappointment was there were a lot of typos in it which i think came from the download. i was rooting this couple on!
The photo on the outside does nothing for what the inside of this book contains.
This story kept me on the edge waiting for the next page and not wanting to set it down for a minute.
The character detail brought them into my world and made the story seem real.
Great writing and I'm looking forward to reading the next book.
I highly recommend this book to others, this book was a quick read for me.
The characters are portrayed very well and get you hooked from the beginning, I couldn't stop reading!
The only disappointment is now I have to wait until August for the 2nd book of the series.. well worth the wait and I can't wait to finish the series.
For free it was okay.
Story is not too believable, everything about the heroine is almost perfect.
I mean all of a sudden she speaks mandarin, not an easy language to pick up which is even hard for other Asians.
I loved this book.
I have read many romance novels in the past, but this one was great.
The story at times is a little unbelievable but after all its not real life but entertainment.. if you want a good quick read to past the afternoon with download this and start reading, considering it's free.
I can't wait until the other books come out and see what happens with those story lines.
Abigail was just helping out her sister by cleaning out her employer's house, and litle did she expect that such a "chore" would turn out to something much more when the georgous owner of the house stumbles across her when he returns home and is in want of company...
When I first saw this book, I thought it was from harlequin or something of the like.
And I must say that for 3 books to be worth $1.99, it is quite a steal.
As much as I wanted to like the book as I was intrigued by the plot premise, the book fails to fully live up to its full potential.
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either.
At times, a little confusing or bizaare.
But hey, this is a ficitional book after all!
While I don't love this book and there are much more better romance novels out there, I feel that this author shows a glimmer of potential and I'll be keeping an eye out for her next books.
I have to say that this book surprised me.
As with most free books I wasn't expecting very much, however this was a fantastic read.
It had a really good story line and was a lot longer than what I had expected.
I stayed up way past my bedtime to finish it and then read it again when I got home from work.
I usually don't buy books, there are plenty of free ones, but I will buy book 2 when it comes out.
Couldn't put this one down...
If you're looking for a story that will sweep you away, this is it.
Completely for entertainment purposes and truly just enjoyable.
I loved the ending and the twists and dialogue were really well-written, IMO.
I loved this book.
The dialog and the characters were believable and sassy smart.
It got slightly mushy in the end, but what great romance doesn't?
This book you will never want to put down.
To tell you the truth, I read it twice already.
I hope the next one has to do with his sister.
Book 2 please come soon!
This book is great.
Loved the characters.
Abby is a strong woman with a mind of her own and she is not afraid to let people know what it is.
I don't think this book could have been written any better.
Can't wait for the next one to come out.
I wanted to jump right into the next story line.
It is well worth the read.
I was really suprised that the book was as good as the reviews touted.
I really liked both main characters- especially Abigail.
She's smart, funny and strong.
The miscommunication between the characters was authentic, not just conrtrived to move the story along.
A great read- can't wait for the other two books.
I really liked this book.
As soon as i got half way through it I looked to see if any from this collection were available.
I can't wait for the other two.
I read a lot of romance novels- this book was unique, I couldn't put it down.
I can't wait for the next two!
I got this ebook and could not stop reading it!
I was reading and the next thing I knew it was 1am!
I just could not put it away.
I kept telling myself "one more chapter" but I HAD to see how it ended!!
Not going to spoil w/telling you about the story.
Just download it.... it's free!!!
And enjoy this great read!!!
this was a great read. i am famous for not being able to find a book i can get into that isnt xxx but romantic none the less. i was very impressed with this author. i am so excited for the next book. it cant come fast enough.
I really enjoyed reading this book.
It was a fast read for me because I couldn't put the book down!
The different lines the story took, kept me turning the pages to see what was going to happen next!
I cannot wait until the second book is out.
I am definitely hooked!
I think I lost 2 pounds today because I literally forgot to eat I was so into the story.
Definitely recommend.
I really enjoyed this one.
If you like the genre you should pick it up.
You won't be disappointed.
Not knowing what to expect from a first time author, I was thrilled after reading Maid for a Billionaire.
I love Romance novels for a fun escape (and it did not disappoint there), but I was surprised that a book that played by the Romance rules also chose make very clever twists to the over-the-top genre.
Very witty and fun.
I found myself caring for the characters, and I can't wait for the next book in the series.
Could not stop reading this one!!!
I was going to just start a new ebook to pass a little bit of time.
Saw it and thought it could be good.
Was I wrong!!!
It was great.
Had to finish it before going to sleep.
I am so loving these characters and the storyline.
I want the next one NOW!!!
I can't believe this book is free!
It is an awesome read.
The story flows flawlessly with believable characters and realistic redemption at the end.
Abby learns to live through the story and Dominic learns to forgive and trust.
Sweet, sweet story with likable characters.
Can't wait to read the next 2 stories in the series.
Two people who shouldn't be together get together.
This is a great love story more than i expected in a freebie but i couldn't stop reading it and I can't wait to read the rest of this trilogy.
Really enjoyed this book.
Disappointed that I must wait for the others; especially Jake & Lil's story.
I picked this book while looking for some easy reading to help me fall asleep.
Boy, was that a mistake!
I could not let go of the story until I had read the very last page.
Ruth Cardello is an amazing writer.
She connects with the reader in a way that not many new authors do.
I found the main characters to be very well developed and utterly interesting.
I even like the villain (Stephan), as she has hinted that there is more to his desire to destroy Dominic than mere professional rivalry.
Dear author, My only complaint is that I want the next book NOW.
Yes I'm like a dog with a bone when I discover a new voice that captivates me as you have.
A well deserved Five Stars.
P. S. I think you have way more than three stories in this series as even the minor characters capture one's imagination.
I'd love to hear Zhang's story and getting to know Mrs. Duhamel better would be a real treat.
I truly enjoyed reading this book and escaping to another world.
Great freebie from Kindle.
Want to read the other 2 when they come out.
First in the Legacy Collection; the next two books in the trilogy are not out yet.
NOTE: Their plot descriptions, however, ARE on this book's Amazon page.
I actually thought this Kindle edition was all three books.
It's not.
Reads like a Category Romance, but the set up was better than most.
There is the usual ridiculous meeting: heroine is the acting maid at the billionaire's usually empty townhouse.
She is, of course, just filling in for her sick sister.* Hero (said billionaire) comes home unexpectedly.
Result: instant fireworks.
She is just what he needs to forget the recent death of his hated father.
He MUST have her!
But here we have a pleasant diversion from the formula.
When he "blackmails" her to go out to dinner with him, or his sister will lose her oh-so-valuable job as a maid, the parties involved realize how ridiculous it all is, sister included.
There is no overblown melodrama here, and I really enjoyed it.
That was true for most of the book.
But the last quarter of the book devolved into an incoherent mess, including a villain that came out of nowhere - really just a set up for the next story - and a schmaltzy ending that defied belief.* This is the sort of contrived opening that irritates me.
The house has been unoccupied for 10 YEARS.
Yes, Rich Guy would have a service to maintain the house, but the maid could certainly skip cleaning an UNUSED domicile because she was sick one day.
Anyway . . .
Ending aside, I will certainly check out the second book when it comes along.
I read the description and thought we were getting all 3 stories when I downloaded this.
I was sad to find that it was only the first story.
I really enjoyed this book and could barely put it down.
The characters were real to me and I can't wait for the other 2.
I haven't read anything by Ruth Cardello before, but after this story, it definitely won't be my last from this author!
Maid for the Billionaire is a great contemporary romance with a sprinkle of suspense in it.
I loved the characters Dominic & Abby and their sizzling chemistry and relationship.
Even though it was kind of hard to believe that the Hero & Heroine fell in love over a course of only a week, the author did a solid job by making it quite believable.
In a nutshell, after meeting Abby as a "maid," Dominic tracks down Abby & takes her with him to China as a "distraction" from the international negotiations that his company, Corisi Enterprises, are involved in.
Abby soon becomes his rock & emotional supporter as Dominic goes through the challenges of facing his father's death (one whom he despised & with good reason), a hostile sister who he isn't too fond of, the hurt of his mother running away & disappearing from his life when he was younger AND his company's potential hit or miss marketing in China.
Yes, all of this makes Dominic an emotionally wounded hero, but he is still a hot alpha hero & still yummy ;) Throughout their time spent together, Dominic & Abby shares a sizzling fling.
However, they soon find out that sexual chemistry wasn't just what drew them together, but love.
This is an absolutely sensual & great read!
I highly recommend it & I can't wait to read the rest of the stories in the collection!
I got this book for free!
I would have paid for it.
It was worth my time.
It had a great plot and character's were real.
I would recommend this book to friends.
I wish there were more book on Kindle from this author.
If there were I would love to read them.
Hopefully there will be in the future.
Good reading for a lazy Sunday afternoon.
Interesting characters and story line.
Would have enjoyed more scenes with Nicole.
Wonder if there is a second book about this family.
I LOVE this book!!!!!!!
It's so fantastic - I couldn't set it down!!
The characters are great, the storyline is fantastic and this book is perfect!
I can't ask for more in a book!
This is one of the better books I have had the pleasure of reading lately!!
Completely captivating, I found myself laughing out loud more than once.
I can't wait for the next installment :)
great story and wonderful writing! cannot express my wish urgently enough-- please make the rest of the series available soon!
Can't wait to read the rest!!!
Hopefully I can read them for free just like I got to read the first one,,, PLZZZZ
I enjoyed reading this book and I would recommend reading it to any kindle owner that likes these kinds of stories.
This book has it all.
Looking forward to the next book, already purchased it.
Ready to read.
Hope you all enjoy this book as much as I did
Fun, quick read!
Once I started it, I just couldn't put it down.
A true Cinderella story, top to bottom!
This was a fun read.
Abby is a woman I can relate to.
She stands up for herself and lives with her choices.
Good or bad.
Good book.
Kept my interest.
Liked the characters, made me want to read more.... which I am going to go do right now! : )
I LIKE THIS BOOK AND BUT THIS IS REALLY JUST AN INTRODUCTION TO WHAT IS IN STORE.
EVERY BOOK GOES INTO DETAIL HOW EACH COUPLE GETS TOGETHER AND HOW THEIR LIVES INTERTWINE WITH ONE ANOTHER.
ITS A GOOD BOOK AND SERIES BUT I WOULD HAVE PREFERRED FOR THE WHOLE SERIES TO BE ABOUT THE ORIGINAL COUPLE.
THIS ONE AND THE 5TH VOLUME OR MY FAVORITE OF THE SERIES.
AS A WHOLE IT ALL CAME TOGETHER AND I LOOK FORWARD TO READING THE SIXTH INSTALLMENT THIS FALL 2013.
Not what I normally look for in a novel, but the characters are lovable and fun.
This author is enticing in her work.
She brings love into the most stressful situations.
It reflects real life so much...
Maybe not the billionaire part, but the emotions and etiquette are exquisite.
A good book to keep you occupied.
Could not put it down when had to.
I would read it again.
I loved this book and looking forward for more books for free writen byRuth Cardello.
Waiting for the next 3 in this series
This book was well written and thorouggly enjoyable.
I normally have a hard copy, a book on my Kindle, and another on my Playbook.
I tell you, I could not put down Maid for the Billionaire.
Nothing was overdone with either Domonic or Abby.
You just could not predict what came next and so I am looking forward to reading the other books in this series.
Thank you Ruth.
I loved that it was a bit pretty womanish with a happy endingI couldn't put it downCan't wait to read the next
I just read this book for the second time and it was as wonderful as the first.
Ms. Cardello has an excellent way of building characters.
I have enjoyed the first two books immensely and can't wait to continue the story with the next two.
I loved that it was a bit pretty womanish with a happy endingI couldn't put it downCan't wait to read the next
I just read this book for the second time and it was as wonderful as the first.
Ms. Cardello has an excellent way of building characters.
I have enjoyed the first two books immensely and can't wait to continue the story with the next two.
Well this is an author I have never read and I'm sorry that wasn't in my mix before because this book was something you just couldn't put down so II had to read another!!!
This book captured my attention and had me wanting more I like the tension and twist s not a predictable story but great read
Looking for a new author to enjoy, I went to Amazon. com to peruse the choices.
Ruth Cardello's series has fit the bill as I am on my third book now.
"Maid for a Millionaire" kept me intrigued.
This book was fun and entertaining.
It had all the elements for a fun light read.
Just enough mystery to keep it interesting but not so much it weighed you down.
I liked it a lot.
This was a really great book.
The author writes smoothly and it's an easy read.
I have to go on and read the next one right away.
I loved this book and couldn't put it down.
I read it in two days and I have 4 kids so that saying something!
Totally loved this book.
It's a great read.
The writer jumped right into the story so there wasn't a million pages before the two main characters met.
Anyone who's looking for a great read...... look no more.
This is it!
I loved it, also loved the next 3 books in the series.
Waiting impatiently for #5.
Made me laugh and cry.
Love the characters in the books and you connect with each one.
I read this book in a day and 1/2.
I couldn't put it down.
Dominic is your rich egotistical pig.
Abby is your hard working school teacher.
They have a strong attraction to each other.
Dominic seems to always say and do things wrong except in the bedroom.
Abby looks at the good in him and helps him find it.
I really enjoyed the book.
This was cute.
At the beginning she thought he shouldn't be alone.
Good for her she went on a adventure she never dream of.
They fell in love with one another.
I love this book!
It hooked me from the begining and kept me reading all through the night.
I loved Abby's strong & sassy personality and how she was a match (in more ways than one) for typical Alpha male, Dominic.
Yes, the story may have seemed 'ridiculous' or 'far fetched' at times but it is a fictional romance book.
It was made for enjoyment and not fact and I very much enjoyed it!
So glad there are more books in the series!
A readable story, not as enjoyable as others I have read but was good at the time, Didn't make me want to read the nest one too quickly but was ok.
easy to read romance, once i started reading it i couldn't put it down. definately 5 stars from me, couldn't wait to read the next one.
I just love Dom and Abby.
Can't wait to read the next book.
I know it is going to be a good book!!!
Enjoyed reading this book and will enjoy reading the sequels that I am sure have followed this writing.
Miss Marcello has a way of making you want more.
I really enjoyed this book and it had me on the edge of my seat the whole time.
Definitely reading the next one.
I love the first book in this series and I am looking forward to the others in this series.
This book shows how a strong woman can be just what a strong man needs to see how truly good he can be.
This was a great story....
I can not wait to read the next book.
Purchasing it as soon as I hit submit.
Can't wait to read the other books the story was timeless i loved every minute will look out for more books by the author absolute talent.
This story was the ultimate romantic fairy tale.
I couldn't put it down.
Good story line that was somewhat believable that it could really happen; however, in reality, I wonder if someone who is that driven could change and become a "real" person like the character in this book.
I would like to think so.
Enjoyed this book so much that I couldn't put it down.
I am ordering book #2 by this same author.
This was a interest holding story from the very beginning.
The characters were strong, intelligent and believable.
There were no dull periods.
A good mixture with some travel log to add more interest.
Although I find it hard to believe one can meet, fall in love, take strip to china, and become an international hero in just one week...... the book was very good.
Too saucy... but good.
A darling love story that was very enjoyable.
I am drawn to the books where the extremely wealthy fall for the poor girls.
I never read "romance" novels because, after having read one many years ago (one of those simpering Harlequins), I knew I couldn't possibly suffer through another.
I told a friend that I got a Kindle Fire for my birthday, to which he replied "Good!
Now you can read my wifes' books."
I reminded him I don't read romance novels and he told me that the first book in the series is free!
That gave me pause... free is good!
I asked for her name and said I would give it a shot then.
And that is how I came to read this book and I must admit I did enjoy it.
The characters are developed without being overly done.
The descriptions of localities are brief, to the point with just enough info.
Thank you, Ruth, for not going overboard with a plethora of overused and monotonous phrases describing the many accoutrements of the wealthy.
These are some of the reasons I usually don't read "romance novels"......
Well, that and the fact that the stories are usually awful and basically just a filler to separate the steamy and badly described sex.
Thank you again, Ruth.
I was also pleased you did not see fit to use any of the usual terms other authors use to describe the "man parts" LOL....
Those descriptives make me crazy..... so glad you don't include any of that.
I must admit that I did actually enjoy this book.
There is an actual story line; well developed characters, plots and twists....
WELL DONE!!!
I might just have to buy the rest of the series....
I am actually interested in how the stories and characters will continue to develop.
And thank Tony for badgering me (& everyone else he knows.....) to give your books a try.
It was worth it and as soon as I can put some money in my account, I guess I will be downloading the next in the series.
Keep 'em coming!
The book is greatly admired by me I wish when I write it comes out like this it is perfect
This was a good, quick enjoyable read that had me smiling throughout.
Looking forward to the next chapter in the series.
FUN.
I really loved the story and I am definitely going to read it again.
If there was such a thing as 10 stars I would have given it that, I am also going to buy book 2, and this review is for book 1 of which was a free read.
Great story, and I love the characters, and I definitely recommend this has a great read.
This story was the ultimate romantic fairy tale.
I couldn't put it down.
Good story line that was somewhat believable that it could really happen; however, in reality, I wonder if someone who is that driven could change and become a "real" person like the character in this book.
I would like to think so.
Enjoyed this book so much that I couldn't put it down.
I am ordering book #2 by this same author.
This was a interest holding story from the very beginning.
The characters were strong, intelligent and believable.
There were no dull periods.
A good mixture with some travel log to add more interest.
Although I find it hard to believe one can meet, fall in love, take strip to china, and become an international hero in just one week...... the book was very good.
Too saucy... but good.
A darling love story that was very enjoyable.
I am drawn to the books where the extremely wealthy fall for the poor girls.
I never read "romance" novels because, after having read one many years ago (one of those simpering Harlequins), I knew I couldn't possibly suffer through another.
I told a friend that I got a Kindle Fire for my birthday, to which he replied "Good!
Now you can read my wifes' books."
I reminded him I don't read romance novels and he told me that the first book in the series is free!
That gave me pause... free is good!
I asked for her name and said I would give it a shot then.
And that is how I came to read this book and I must admit I did enjoy it.
The characters are developed without being overly done.
The descriptions of localities are brief, to the point with just enough info.
Thank you, Ruth, for not going overboard with a plethora of overused and monotonous phrases describing the many accoutrements of the wealthy.
These are some of the reasons I usually don't read "romance novels"......
Well, that and the fact that the stories are usually awful and basically just a filler to separate the steamy and badly described sex.
Thank you again, Ruth.
I was also pleased you did not see fit to use any of the usual terms other authors use to describe the "man parts" LOL....
Those descriptives make me crazy..... so glad you don't include any of that.
I must admit that I did actually enjoy this book.
There is an actual story line; well developed characters, plots and twists....
WELL DONE!!!
I might just have to buy the rest of the series....
I am actually interested in how the stories and characters will continue to develop.
And thank Tony for badgering me (& everyone else he knows.....) to give your books a try.
It was worth it and as soon as I can put some money in my account, I guess I will be downloading the next in the series.
Keep 'em coming!
The book is greatly admired by me I wish when I write it comes out like this it is perfect
This was a good, quick enjoyable read that had me smiling throughout.
Looking forward to the next chapter in the series.
FUN.
I really loved the story and I am definitely going to read it again.
If there was such a thing as 10 stars I would have given it that, I am also going to buy book 2, and this review is for book 1 of which was a free read.
Great story, and I love the characters, and I definitely recommend this has a great read.
I liked it.
It was a very light read which was exactly what I wanted.
Fun.
Will look for more by this author.
OMG U HAVE TO READ THIS BOOK SOOOOOOOO ROMANTIC AND ITS 12+ PROVES THAT RICH CAN BE UNHAPPY AND CANT HAVE A LIFE BUT LOVE IS IMPORTANT
Book showed: emotions+harshness-true happiness=good book almost+could use......
Though it shows emotions in bad+good ways=2 stars=need 3more stars= showed how mad people got
For a really light love story, you might enjoy it, but was expecting something more.
It appeared to be written in short hand - the paragraphs could have been expanded upon more.
Every woman secretly craves.
A man that can protect her at all cost but gentle enough to fulfill her fantasy.
I just so happened to read a book where this book was mentioned and thought I would add it to my reading list.
I am so glad I did.
I really enjoyed this book.
I felt the characters were well developed and believable.
The story was interesting and well written.
I was up till 3am reading it, I could just not put it down.
This book was so much fun to read!
You kind of think you know what it's all about and then the author throws in another dimension to the characters.
I couldn't put it down.
It was so good!
Can't wait to read the next book!
I definitely recommend this book!
I really enjoyed this book, and I especially appreciate the strong role, which Abby plays as she comes across as being very outspoken and a no-nonsense person who stands up for her beliefs (strong woman).
I found the story line to be very believable, since the author did an excellent job in setting up the reader to understand the circumstances which lead both Abby and Dominic to travel to a foreign country on such short notice (only a day after meeting).
Love is powerful and lust is just as controlling!!
This was a great read!
The characters all have a very important way of brining love between different classes of people together.
I couldn't put it down!
ENJOY you will be happy you read it!
Totally loved this book.
It was so well written!
I think it's one of my new favorites!!
Definitely read, you won't be disappointed!
Guaranteed!!!
Great romance story; light reading; has suspense and all the other elements one needs for a fantastic afternoon or evening of reading
I loved this book from the beginning to the end.
I could not put the book down & when I had to I felt compelled to grab a quick look to see what was happening next.
Awesome!
The Pastor's Heart
I liked this book :) i loved hhow the story kept me up at night wanting more of it awesome
Love this book along with the whole series.
After reading one, I purchased the whole series.
I will be looking for more like these.
This is all you aare going to get take it or leave it , I love the book OK??/ iif I didn't like itI wouldn't buy it
But unfortunately, I can't go into details on what could've been better or maybe I can but it's all be mumble jumble.
I know, horrible of me but this book just made me roll my eyes at the beginning, somewhere in the middle, and towards the end.
LITERALLY, MY EYES WERE ROLLING AT HOW CHEESY MOST PARTS WERE, which concluded with me saying outloud as my boyfriend slept, "OH COME ON!" with "WOOW.
UH-HUH."
I love romance but this was a romance gone.... eye-rollin'?
The guy was mildly drunk when he first saw her as a maid... and she wasn't REALLY a maid to begin with.
By 'she', I mean Abby, who was only filling in for her sister!
Should've been 'LESSON for the Billionaire' as she was a teacher, not a maid.
They just happen to hit it off, him in a mild drunk stupor and she was just there to clean and found him WILDLY attractive.
MMMMMMHM.
Right.
It would've been at least believable to some degree if she had been there to clean twice or thrice (in one chapter) that way giving him time to think his attraction to her or something.
Shrug.
Now I'm just nitpicking but what can I do about it when the nitpicks became copious and hard to ignore?
Someone mentioned that whole business scenario was hard to believe because of our current economy.
I am fine with the whole business aspect of the book because I know it's fiction.
Why bag on the way the writer wrote the business scenario and complain that it would never happen in real life?
No duh.
Yes, yes, this romance doesn't come close to reality too but I'd rather go for a good romance than a cheesy, eye-rollin' story over a business that's too good to be true.
BLAH, everything was too good to be true but I didn't buy it.
The ideas were great, the writing was great, and the ending was tied up nicely (better than a rushed ending in my opinion).
The characters (some if not most) and execution on most parts were a... miss for me.
I found out about this book through an email notification I received from about free books for my Kindle.
At the time, I was looking for romance novels and came across this one hoping it would be just what I needed to escape from reality for awhile.
So the story goes that Abigail Dartley takes a cleaning job that her sister should have done, but because she's the responsible one, Abby fills in for her.
While working, she meets the owner of the house, Dominic Corisi and her first impression of him is that he "looked more tired than a man of his age should."
Then she refers to him as "Mr. Armani."
Are you getting the picture yet?
Shaping up to be a cliched romance of huge proportions, I read on and got swept away by the story.
It's not a case of opposites attracting but rather two worlds colliding.
Dominic is used to getting what he wants no matter what and Abby wants to do the right thing.
An out of the country business trip takes both of them on a journey that neither ever expected.
While some of the details were a bit of stretch for reality purposes, let's remember that this is a work of fiction.
It's not meant to be reality.
Most of us who read this genre do so purely for the sake of escaping every day life.
I found it a bit refreshing to see Abby not only stand up herself, but show that she really has more to offer the world than what she has had the opportunity to do thus far in her life.
Having to make decisions she never had to do before, she went out on a limb and showed some chutzpah, even if it was the exact opposite of what Dominic wanted.
Setting aside the issues with grammar, etc., the story itself was not bad.
I liked the fact that it was Book One of ? and ended with the type of cliffhanger that I expected.
I look forward to Book Two.
Sweet, short, unrealistic, predictable and yet entertaining.
It's an old story poor-ish girl meets uber rich man and she shows him she is more that the amount of her bank account.
Still it's a nice fairly tale and is well written and has some funny moments to giggle at.
Total Chick lit.
This was an interesting tale and very well written.
Although it wasn't sleazy it still contained too much intimate detail in my opinion.
I would have rated 5 stars if it hadn't have been for that item of debate.
I feel a really great writer can relate the emotions and general idea without the intimate details.
I liked that she let him know she was just as important as his money made him to the world.
I liked her style.
I'm not a dog.
Lol
Kept me company on the train for the work week and I will definitely be back to buy the sequel.
I really liked this book!
I enjoyed it so much I bought the second in the series.
I read it again the next week because it was just entertaining and I wanted to look in on Dominic & Abby just one more time.
The characters have a lot of heart and where our hero is lacking, the heroine compliments him beautifully.
Everyone gets what they need.
Unbelivebly fast paced.
You meet a guy, he looks sexy, then he blackmails you to go to his fathers will reading?
Mmm thats taking a bit far, but wait he's rich, okay.
You both connect over feeding some deer, okay.
Now somethings come up and he wants you to go overseas with him?
Didnt you just meet the other day?
And didnt he blackmail you?
Huh?
Taking it a bit farther now.
Only days later in another country and now you are the only one able to save his business?
Too far gone now, might as well finish the book now.
This book is extemely fast paced.
Meant for a super quick read if you have time to spare.
It was good to wish that something like that is possible, but after a while better judgment would keep most women in the states.
And a REAL women wouldn't of gotten black mailed into doing anything.
But hey if he's rich enough anything is possible.
Billionaires I'm right here!
Enjoyable reading with good storyline.
Characters, in line with this type of story, almost "too good to be true".
Realistic sex scenes makes up for it.
This book was SO predictable it was amazing.
It is not a bad read, it is just not anything special.
It reminded me of Danielle Steele, who after a few books by her, you knew exactly what was going to happen.
Amazingly rich and snobbish guy meets everyday woman and off into the sunset they go...
Not a bad book, but certainly not one I would pay for.
I picked this up as a free kindle book.
That version has several typo / grammar errors as if it hasn't been edited yet.
Overlooking that issue, the book was a quick read that I just didn't want to put down.
In fact, I read it in one sitting which is not that common for me.
I found myself continuing to turn the pages to see if friends were really friends or going to turn out to be backstabbing.
The main female lead is a strong lady that made me want to find out if she would get the typical romance happy ending.
The reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is the ending seemed too abrupt.
Too many things seemed to be left hanging.
I know there will be a second book, but the ending left too many "but what happened to" for me.
I don't get why people love this book so much.
It was possibly one of the WORST books I've read.
I trudged through the whole thing hoping I'd get that "AHA!" moment.
Sadly, that never happened.
Makes me wonder if the author had a whole lotta friends giving this book it's undeserved praise.
Don't waste your time.
Even as a freebie it's not worth it.
I added this book to my kindle from the free selection.
I didn't expect much because of that but was completely surprised!!
If you enjoy Nora Roberts you will love this!
This book was awful.
First there was the multitude of grammatical errors and misspelled words which makes me wonder if there was a even an editing process at all for the book.
The part that really annoyed me was the lack of an realism whatsoever in the book.
I know that when you read romancey stuff you have to suspend your disbelief and just go with it, but this was ridiculous.
He stalks the poor girl and bullying her into doing things with him and she just gives in, barely without second thought because she's decided to be spontaneous and risky.
There's taking risks and being spontaneous and then there's downright dangerous, which is jumping on a plane out of the country with someone you haven't even known a full 24hours, but he's a 'billionaire' so he must be okay, right?
Don't even get me started on the guy demanding a passport be available for the girl in under 12hrs.
Then an important businesswoman in China asks for her help by manipulating her into committing corporate espionage.
The guy kidnaps her and she calls for back up from the Chinese woman and then makes up with the man that has bullied her, stalked her and is in the process of abducting her (all in about 96hours... max) by agreeing to marry him.
Then they land on his island and there's happy-ever-afters abound (3 or 4 at last count).
It was ridiculous, but I wasn't really expecting much.
Good thing it was free.
It was a quick little read, very predictable.
For me, it was had to read because of the punctuation and grammar errors.
At least three different times the wrong names were used ((Replacing Jacob with Trevor once)).
If you want a speedy, light read and random apostrophes really don't bother you AND it's still free- grab the book.
If you are considering paying for it- please save your pennies.
I can't wait to read the next one in the series.
It was really fun reading about an international business agreement.
Dominic and Abby had kept things really interesting.
I didn't expect Dominic to propose to Abby.
I'm really glad that Dominic mom made an appearance at the end.
No wonder it was free....
Worst book ever.
I guess if you are into the whole cinderella story then maybe this book is for you. very unrealistic
I don't care if this book was free I want my time back.
Very cheesy, poorly written, the summary of the book was a bit redundant however I thought maybe the plot would be refreshing to my dismay it was NOT!
I don't get the great reviews for this book @ all
The story line could have been expanded to create a more detailed book.
Needed to fresh out the characters and the scenes more.
Reading the tag line for the book had me interested in the premise.
However upon starting the book I was disappointed that the situations were so unbelievable.
Characters and relationships weren't developed.
The reader was just to accept that the relationships were real.
It seemed that it should have been more fleshed out so that we could get into the minds of the characters.
A lot of the action felt forced and so far fetched that it wasn't believable.
Abbey meets a repected Chinese business woman and after 2 meetings they trust each other enough that one would call out the military to rescue the other.
Yeah right.
The ending was moved along too quickly to realisticly make sense.
If you don't mind make believe contemporary fiction, then this is the book for you.
However if you are a voracious reader and expect more from your books, then avoid this one.
Great book!
The story was quick but it never had a boring moment.
Looking forward to reading the rest in the series.
I enjoyed it.
It's fast phase and entertaining.
I'm not familiar with the author but I did enjoy her work.
In the first paragraph the author starts cussing.
Within minutes of reading, it's erotica.
I have no idea what happens next, as I deleted it off my kindle.
Yuck.
THIS BOOK WAS VERY WELL WRITTEN AND I LOVED THE STORYLINE FOR THESE TWO PEOPLE.
IT COULD HAVE GONE LONGER
its a good story, I love it, I read it twice already I can put it down my book till I finished it..
Kept you wanting to read until you were finished.
It was well written and enjoyable.
Characters were well detailed throughout
Ruth Cardello did an amazing job.
This book is a great read!!
It kept me entertaind, I didn't want to stop reading!!
This whole serices are must reads, they all work together amazingly!!!
This book was fun!
You get to learn about the characters, including their quirks.
I love that, because it makes them more real.
It was an entertaining romance.
I would recommend it and the series.
This is first of the series.
I just stumbled the author, thank goodness got the book for free.
A great start for summer reading.
Heroine stand up on what she believes for the good of the community.
Also, I can't wait to read the next one.
Easy and enjoyable read.
Goos romance and easy to read.
Would recommend to women who enjoy romance novels.
Order it.
Enjoyable book and a quick read..
Want to download the rest of the books so I can follow the family!
Happy, sad, and quick great read!
A fun compassionate book that starts a fun journey for the series.
Can't wait to read on!
Easy read, good book and plot!
Recommend it for some "light" reading and light drama.
A little intrigue and a little romance.
I enjoyed reading that one and her next 4 books.
I like Ruth Cardelio as an author amd will continue reading her books.
Enjoyable heroine and love story for those rainy days or whenever you just want that little escape from the daily drudge.
Story is predictable but somehow remains fresh.
Dom is the rich boy with the tough veneer; Abby the strong sister who holds the famly together and brings out Dom's softer side.
I know, predictable, but again, the story line manages to keep your attention and brings in some "bad guy" twists that start you speculating on who will do what to whom.
OK, I'm hooked and am ready to buy the next book in the series.
Maybe I won't wait for a rainy day to get started on book II.
A little too cliche but a cute little quick read on a rainy day- Will probably read the next one
Immediately started reading the next book.
Anxious to see what the next book does and if there are more surprises.
It was a decent book and a very easy read.
Read it in 2days.
I will probably purchase the next one in the series.
A good romance with a little suspense makes for a good read.
Surprising twists and turns keep you turning the page.
The book kept my interest even tho sometimes it fell into the predictable mode...
I liked their trip to China-was nice to read about the scenery that she saw while sightseeing.
Interesting but could be improved by omitting the R rated scenes.
Not suitable for children or teens.
End of review
I enjoyed this series.
This is a romance book that gives you hope for happy ever after.
Forget the plot, just enjoy.
I enjoyed this book.
I could see where it was going, however it was a good read.
Good summer book.
Ruth Cardello always writes in a way that more the story along.
I recommend her books for easy reading and relaxation
Maid For The Billionaire was a fast paced romance about two people from different worlds.
Abby and Dominic have an instant attraction, and he knows he needs her as a distraction during this difficult time.
Abby decides she needs him to help her take a risk for once in her life.
They have a very fast paced romance, that I liked, but then I wish it hadn't been so rushed.
The whole plot line of this story was seriously awesome, and I fell in love with the characters from the start.
I love how Abby is so strong willed, and stubborn.
She's not afraid to stand up to Dominic like everyone else is.
And I love how Dominic is a very alpha male used to getting everything he wants until he meets Abby that is.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
I read this book in a day and 1/2.
I couldn't put it down.
Dominic is your rich egotistical pig.
Abby is your hard working school teacher.
They have a strong attraction to each other.
Dominic seems to always say and do things wrong except in the bedroom.
Abby looks at the good in him and helps him find it.
I really enjoyed the book.
This is a book that I don't typically read.
I did however enjoy it and will finish the others.
I did however learn a lot about the Chinese culture and gardens.
I love this book!
It hooked me from the begining and kept me reading all through the night.
I loved Abby's strong & sassy personality and how she was a match (in more ways than one) for typical Alpha male, Dominic.
Yes, the story may have seemed 'ridiculous' or 'far fetched' at times but it is a fictional romance book.
It was made for enjoyment and not fact and I very much enjoyed it!
So glad there are more books in the series!
Very good book very entertaining.
I recommend this novel to all who love romance novels.
I love the authors writing style.
Very good book, except the ending was cut very short and left one trying to figure out what happened if Nicole and Dominic made up.
I really enjoyed this book and it had me on the edge of my seat the whole time.
Definitely reading the next one.
I really liked it it was a great book ive already read it a couple times.
I would recommended it to any one
This story has been done a thousand times, even so, I found it nice and would read it again.
It's a keeper.
LOVE AND MYSTERY-FOREIGH INTRIGUE.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK.- KEEPS YOUR INTEREST.
MORE THAN JUST A LOVE STORY-BRILLIANTLY DRAWN CHARACTERS-LEAVES YOU WANTING MORE
This was an okay book.
I understand there are sequels, but I would have preferred more closure for Maid for the Billionaire.
It left me hanging!
Predictable with some great subtle humor.
A good read for a day off work with the flu.
Some annoying errors that I had to force myself to ignore.
I enjoyed this story.
It was dreamy and a strong strength of wills.
I gave this one a 5 star rating!!
I love new authors and this book really caught my attention.
Instant fan of Ruth Cardello's writing style.
This story was captivating and kept my interest throughout.
Hard to do, by the way.
The character development is obviously well thought through and I can't wait for the rest of the installments for this series.
Good characters, strong women and a fun read.
Not to many slow areas.
Will be looking for the sequels to all the characters
It was an okay read.
I enjoyed it and I plan on reading the rest of the series.
The book is short that's probably why I gave it 4 stars.
I wanted more from the characters.
Maybe the next book will mention more of them.
Needed more.
Did not like the way this book ended.
I need to get the next book soon and hope it picks up where this one left off.
I enjoyed the read but the storyline was predictable.
I would read this book again if I wanted to.
Good job but not great
Misunderstandings... beginning to end.
Yet love blooms immediately for these two creatures of habit.
Totally different in both temperament and personality... can they make it?
Minor Spoilers- I like the story in the book.
But for me it moved to fast.
I feel like if things in their relationship would have been taken a little slower it would have been much better of a story.
Talking about love and marriage in under a week is just unbelievable to me.
Plus the wishy-washiness of take her to Italy take her home take me back to Italy in under a few pages was just too much.
Very good read!
Couldn't put it down!
Abby and Dominic made an explosive couple.
Can't wait to read the next book!
Good characters, strong women and a fun read.
Not to many slow areas.
Will be looking for the sequels to all the characters
It was an okay read.
I enjoyed it and I plan on reading the rest of the series.
The book is short that's probably why I gave it 4 stars.
I wanted more from the characters.
Maybe the next book will mention more of them.
Needed more.
Did not like the way this book ended.
I need to get the next book soon and hope it picks up where this one left off.
I enjoyed the read but the storyline was predictable.
I would read this book again if I wanted to.
Good job but not great
Misunderstandings... beginning to end.
Yet love blooms immediately for these two creatures of habit.
Totally different in both temperament and personality... can they make it?
Minor Spoilers- I like the story in the book.
But for me it moved to fast.
I feel like if things in their relationship would have been taken a little slower it would have been much better of a story.
Talking about love and marriage in under a week is just unbelievable to me.
Plus the wishy-washiness of take her to Italy take her home take me back to Italy in under a few pages was just too much.
Very good read!
Couldn't put it down!
Abby and Dominic made an explosive couple.
Can't wait to read the next book!
This is an Unusual romance with light intrigue and sweet ending.
I am hoping author continues story of remaining characters.
I really enjoyed this story.
Abby the stubborn teacher taming the business mogul on their quest for love.
Really nice book.
This is a classic romance.
It has a fast pace.
The chemistry between the two main characters is really fun.
Can't wait to read the rest.
A little long winded at times but enjoyable.
A very quick read but written well to keep your attention for the duration
Just another quick read, needed a little more refining before publishing, but ok for a rainy Sunday afternoon, or while sitting on a airplane.
Typical modern day rags to riches story, but a pleasant read in bed, one I would not object to my teenage granddaughter reading,had sexual desires running through the story, but no steamy erotica
It keeper me in the book.
I couldn't wait to see the next page.
I loved the end of it.
This book was worth the buy a bit disappointed in the end because it left the reader hanging but otherwise a good read
I chose a three because I liked the book, but I've read better stories that had more detail in the places the were going to.
I would recommend to a friend.
Good love story.
If you want a short love story yo read.
This would be the book for you.
Maid for the Billionaire is an easy to read romance.
The story line holds your apt attention as you follow them to uncharted areas of the heart.
Looking forward to book 2, nicely written, believable storyline, interesting characters.
Good to read a story without a predictable ending.
Very good, I read this extremely fast and it was different then some other romance books.
I look forward to more books.
This book had me going up until the very end which I didn't like.
Could have had a different ending.
Not sure I would recommend to someone.
What a wonderful fantasy this story is!!
An ordinary school teacher find herself a mega billionaire when she was filling in for her sister as a maid.
The story was very well written.
The only thing I didn't care for as I was reading of disliking Dominic most of the time.
I wish his loving side had came out more.
I must first start by saying I loved this book.
Right up until it ended just when I was getting to know the characters and wonder what was going to happen to them.
I was so disappointed when the last page popped up on me.
I realize there are more books in the series, but the second one's preview was at the end of this one, and it starts out with Dominic's sister's romance, which means we'll only get a glimpse of Abby and Dominic in that one, and I'm sure the third book will move on to Jake and Lil.
I'd never read a book where the characters had barely met and it ended.
I would've rather it kept going with Dominic and Abby's adventure of saving his father's company for his sister than moving onto the sister and Dominic's rival.
Heck the sister didn't even know what happened to their mother.
This book could have followed the typical formula of rich hero meets untouchable, endangered, naïve (fill in the blank here) heroine, overpowers her with his animal magnetism, she succumbs, turmoil, tears, reconciliation, the end.
That is not the case here.
This is the love story of Dominic and Abby, two lost souls who unexpectedly bond over the shared emotions of guilt and pain from past demons.
Dominic is a weary, emotionally distant, self-made billionaire, estranged from his sister, shattered by the disappearance of his mother when he was a teenager and the tyranny of his controlling father.
He views temporary trysts as a valid replacement for that unreliable thing called love.
Abby immerses herself in her work as a teacher and parenting her younger sister after the death of their parents.
She's feisty, empathetic, staid, nurturing and the type of person you want to teach your kids.
However she is terrified of relinquishing control of her emotions, letting fear rule her, and so lives a life of safety, determined that her sister will not repeat the mistakes that Abby has made.
Understandably, this drives a wedge between the sisters that Abby struggles to overcome.
Abby and Dominic meet when Abby fills in for her ill sister who is Dominic's housekeeper.
Dominic returns to town unannounced after the death of his father and sparks fly although Abby has no idea who he is.
Their immediate physical attraction overcomes her resistance and plays out over the next week as Dominic coerces Abby into accompanying him to the reading of his father's will.
He is reunited with his sister but the terms of the will ensure that the two siblings will remain at odds.
Old wounds are reopened and Dominic finds solace in Abby's unconditional support.
The majority of the book takes place in China amid intrigue that initially draws Abby and Dominic together then tears them apart as outside factors work to derail a huge business deal for Dominic's company.
I found the story a fast read, compelling and could not put it down.
I was left with several impressions including the transformational power of unconditional love and the joy in taking what you want regardless of the risk to your heart.
Abby brings out a softer side of Dominic, revealing the gentle man he had closed off from the world after losing his mother.
He provides the impetus to encourage her to risk her heart.
The emotional development of the characters was satisfying to read and the sex was restrained and appropriate for where it was placed in the storyline.
There are some points that require you to stretch the limits of possibility as in the timing of certain elements and "that would/could NEVER happen like that in real life".
But overall, it was a sweet read that will make your inner romance fairy smile.
A cute romantic story of a dominating man brought to his knees by a wholesome girl who isn't his usual type.
Dominick is definitely an alpha male that I personally don't know how Abby didn't strangle at times, but she actually handled him pretty well.
For someone who was attracted to "safe" after the death of her parents and having to raise her sister, she took a chance on someone that she normally would have steered clear of.
Abby is teacher who while trying to help her sister out meets Dom and is swiftly pulled into his high stake lifestyle.
Neither plan on a long term relationship... her because she isn't confident enough to hold a guy like Dom... and him, a confirmed bachelor avoiding commitment after witnessing what a terrible job his dad did with his mom.
I love a good love story without some of the really unnecessary angst couples face so I really liked this one.
I think Nicole, Dom's sister, will have an even tougher time taming Stephan in book 2 and cannot wait to read it.
And yes, how easy this relationship was at times is not realistic, but seriously?
You're reading a romance novel which is generally for entertainment and the fantasy factor.
We all wish we could meet that uber rich good-looking guy who sweeps us off our feet.
Can he do it in a day?
And would we really take off on a plane with him after knowing him for less than a week, more often than not, NOPE.
However, if I were to meet that billionaire who did want to whisk me off, HELL yes I am going.
Because really, how often would that opportunity appear?
It was a good story but I wouldn't call it great literature.
It begged my credulity in its use of questionable coincidences and flaming sexual tension from the first meeting.
I think a slower buildup would have been more effective in enlisting the reader's identification with the characters.
The reason for only 4 stars I didn't like the way it ended, to abrupt, and not enough sex, love and lead in to further in the series
I really enjoyed this book and can't wait to read the next one.
I'm glad to see that this is a collection of books.
I love a good story that covers all the characters.
Good book.
Want to read more in the series.
Very captivating.
Love the passion and desire.
Will be getting rest in series soon.
Predictable and less than interesting characters in this romance novel.
Appreciated the Asian charater storyline.
Take it to the beach so you don't worry about finishing it
Predictable and less than interesting characters in this romance novel.
Appreciated the Asian charater storyline.
Take it to the beach so you don't worry about finishing it
This is the first time I've read this author, and I have to say I really liked her style of writing.
She created very likeable characters and her plot was fun.
Even though the stuff in this book doesn't happen in everyday life,it's still a fun story.
She also tempts you enough at the end of the book to want to get the next one.
I gave it four stars because I would have liked to have the plot stretched out.
The whole story takes place over a week.
A longer story would have been nice .
The best part, the book was free!
That's a great reason to give this author a try.
I'll definitely buy her books again!
Really like the action and mystery and happy ending.
Good story line as well.
Perfect length as well for good read.
This story started off with with witty dialogue and strong characters.
IT was fun.
I enjoyed it.
As a serial romance novel fan, this one was WORTHY!
I'm off to look for this writer, she's on my WATCH list.
This was a fun read.
I am now reading the second book of the series.
Can't wait to read all four books.
This book was an amazing read.
I finished it in two days.
Probably sooner if I didn't have other things to do.
Highly recommended!!!
Good bookMaid for the billionaire.
I would totally recommend this series to everyone.
Good story.
Looking forward to the next one.
Overall it was a good book but it moved to fast.
From meeting to getting married in a little over a week... even if you are rich it Don't happen that fast.
Other than that it wad a good book with ample conflicts and love scenes.
Talk about a book that keeps you on the edge and is hard to put down.
Loved it!
Can't wait to read the next book in the series
I just love books like these and this series was a GOOD READ!
Anyone who likes books that start with a no one and ends up with a rich guy is going to like this series.
Discovered this book and author while showing online one day.
After reading this novel, I then searched for the other books in this series.
Interesting characters, loved the twists and turns.
This is a pretty decent book.
It moves fairly fast, and it times it seems they fell in love way to fast, but it is a decent read with some hot sex scenes.
I liked it; can't complaint
Good description of characters The story kept my interest the whole time.
I am looking forward to reading the next one and told my daughter to read this one
I needed something to read while traveling.
This book maintained my attention.
However, it's nothing to write home about.
Next!
I didnt really care for this book. it was slow and left you hanging in the end. different tastes for diffent people though.
Just what we all dream of to become discovered and end up rich with the man of our dreams.
Good book.
I found this story interesting to read .
The characters were likeable and you wanted them to get to the happy ending.
The story line for this was beautifully beautifully scripted.
The characters knew exactly what they wanted and didn't hesitate unnecessarily to grab at the love between themselves.
Yes they had their issues but that didn't stop them with all prolonged stubbornness typically exhibited.
I want to read the others in the series.
A must read.
It was very moving and kept me wanting to read more.
You won't be disappointed.
Two thumbs up!
I picked this book because it sounded like something I would like and was free at the time.
I loved it and had to continue on with the rest of the series.
All were amazing
There were some twists and turns in this that I was not expecting.
It kept me reading, and interested.
The characters were all well described.
I really went by the User Reviews on this one.
The characters (especially the woman's) was well thought out and strong.
The story had a good flow and the writing was very good.
Definitely recommend for a book you can probably finish in a couple of hours.
Enjoyed it.
Thanks!
Maid for the Billionaire was a great quick read and the price was great.... free.
I love getting these books and really enjoy them.
I love the collection books.
Delightful reading.
Just enough romance and suspense to hold your attention.
A book that is hard to put down.
I highly recommend this book.
This is a very predictable book, no real twists and turns, no major plot lines, just the love story.
It's well written, but so predictable that I wanted to stop reading - but I just don't do that!
Loved!
Although not to crazy to read the next one don't know if the next book will be as good since the maid and the billionaire were so intriguing in this one
From the start I was hooked on Dominic, sexy, humorous, & just enough arrogance to have me drool.
It is a romance novel after all & a strong alpha male does it for me every time, one with a tough exterior & a mushmellow interior, YUM!
I am just a romantic at heart.
I loved fairy tells when I was young... and I still love them now that I am old!
I like sinking my mind into great love stories...
HEY, I can still dream.
Nice easy reading.
Too much cursing though.
Need to lighten up on this piece.
Writer needs to reconsider this when she writes next book
Great reading.
Will definitely read the rest of her Collection.
Please read for yourself and decide what you think.
Thanks!
Great book.
Story line was very good.
Kept me from putting it down.
I Will be checking out more books by this author.
Pretty good plot.
Entertaining, easy read.
Look forward to next book in series.
Would like more detail about location and characters.
This book was really good.
I was so very into this book.
I couldn't even put it down.
The author is an amazing writer.
Fairly new to ebook reading.
It has given me the opportunity to read books by several authors I have never heard of before.
I have been thoroughly delighted with most of my selections.
It didn't take long to discover the very talented Ruth Cardello.
Again, she has not failed to live up to my expectations.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
This was like a modern day fairy tale with several twists.
I don't want to spoil the story for anyone by saying more.
If you like a love story with a little spice and a feisty female role, you will love this book.
It's another "can't put it down" and "wish it hadn't ended" book.
I can't wait to read the sequels.
First I chose a 4 star rating only because the story wasn't long enough for my liking.
I really did enjoy the storyline, as short as it is, and I loved how Abbey was able to meet such a domineering and hard headed man toe to toe.
It was easy to get caught up in the story.
I would recommend this book, and as soon as I read the others to this series, I will probably recommend those as well :)
Kept me reading far past my allotted read time.
Looking forward to the next episodes.
Love these characters and their dramas.
I really loved this book, it has a really great story which I loved.
It is one that I could not put down till the end.
Thank you for writing it.
This was an awesome book in my opinion.
You just never know what is going to happen next.....
You will love it too.
Average fairytale quick read story with a basic story and far fetched characters, good this book was free as it is some what outdated
It was just that a simple story.
Nothing in particular popped out.
It was just one of those that reading it once was enough.
Good read.
Would recommend to friends.
I like the story line and he way the book keeps me wanting to read more
Me tuvo cautiva de principio a fin, ahora voy a leer las demás.
Espero que estén igual que esta. :)
Easy and enjoyable reading.
Recommend this book.
WILL look for more of this author's books.
Looking for Book 2.
Enjoy !!
I couldn't put this one down.
Great characters great love story.
The main characters has a hot romance.
Would read it again
Book 1 nice light read - enjoyable - if you like an easy read try it out - enjoyed it
I'm a big sucker for romantic stories.
When I started to read the free sample the two main character grab my attention real fast.
Abby is a strong independent person who always takes the save path.
Until meeting Dominic a powerful sexy millionaire, who's life isn't actually what Abby image being part off.
It's a very lovely love story about to different people,who fall in love.
I so recommend the book.
Can't want to read next book.
Was into the story from the first pages.
I will be reading the other books in this series.
A quick easy read.
This is worth reading if you like a series.
Dreams do come true.
Life can come be awesome.
I liked this book.
Absolutely Love this book I'm ready ready for book two and the rest in the series.
How do I share
Great weekend read.
Way better than I originally thought.
Started slow but was engrossed by the end.
I would recommend.
This book was a good read.
I normally read historic romance but this one wasn't bad.
I may read the rest of the series.
Great escape from the hectic schedule of life.
Can't wait to read the next book in the series.
Read on.
This was definitely worth the time I spent reading it.
Strong heroine whose tenacity and goodwill plays out throughout the plot.
The last pages wrapped up the details that are typically left for the reader's reader's assumption, which deftly lead you to read the next novel.
Loved the book and I can not wait to read the entire series.
The issue that I have with the book is that the characters are a little too perfect.
a contemporary love story where "low class" girl and "royalty" guy meet by chance and their journey of falling in love with each other, a great "feel-good" story.
This book was a great read hope someone else enjoy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!&&&&&&& goooolllllllldddddd and the end was perfect tea it was
Would definitely recommend this book to friends.
Best free book I've read so far.
Basic boy meets girl fun time.
Romance and the rich falling for the commoner...
International intrigue, dysfunctional families, big money... what's not to like???
Looking forward to reading the rest of the series!
Great book, and hope that the next book picks up and finishes where this left off.
If it doesn't, I'll be disappointed.
Couldn't put this book down, love this author and this series was great.
I can't wait for more from Ruth Cardello.
Like most romances you know Dom & Abby will ended up together but, all the twists &turns along the way make for a great story.
Guess I will have to get the next book to see what the future brings!
I was so into this book that as soon as I finished reading I ordered all 3 books & preordered the one to be released.
I am sure they will all be captivating as book 1.
I love that each book explores the relationships of other characters making their life the focus of the next book bringing all characters together telling all their stories.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed reading this book.
I can't wait to start the next book in this series.
You'll never wAnt to put this down.
Just when you think you know what's next things twist!
Very good book.
This was an unlikely "love at first sight" romance.
The characters were likeable enough, but the story was too rushed.
The intimate detail felt gratuitous, especially given the general feel good, innocent aura that the author was trying to convey.
All in all a decent quick read.
Just a feel good , modern day Cinderella story.
Liked the way the story unfolded .
Learned about gov intervention in business tranactions .
Understood how the very rich lived
Maid for the billionaire was a real good book, I couldn't put it down.
Can't wait to read the next one.
this book was free so I did not expect much, boy was a suprised.
I could not put the book down, I had to know what happened next.
The way the characters interact, the way it introduces another story line so easily is great.
Although it wraps up the story you started reading, it makes you want to know what happens next.
I had to log on and buy the second and then even the third.
I just loved Dominic and the way that Abby is able to just be his calming force is amazing.
The story line although somewhat been there done that, billionare falls for maid, there is enough twist and just enough that the plot is almost belivable.
This is the best Free book I have downloaded so far.
5 stars I loved this book the mutual relation ship between Dominic and Abby was amazing this book should be made into a movie for all to see.
The story put you through all the emotions the character was feeling.
It made me feel like I was Abby.
I got this book as a "freebie" from one of my eBook recommends and I have to say that I truly enjoyed it.
The heroine, Abby, is actually a fill in maid for the day for the hero, Dominic, by accident.
But the attraction was instant and both lives changed instantly.
The term, "maid" is most appropriate not because of her job choice, but because how she cleans up his attitude, his life.
I loved the fact that Abby was not some submissive, push over kind of woman.
She voiced her opinion and stood her ground logically.
Dominic, the billionaire, carries a lot of unresolved family issues.
His involvement with Abby changes that, which is what happens when you meet someone you love.
The book was good, funny, and honestly kept me turning the pages.
I cannot wait until I lose myself in book #2.
This one kept my attention I liked the story line it reminded me of the grey books in self me aspects of Dominic's behavior even his eyes were grey lol... all in all I did enjoy it.
Too much of this book was unbelievable.
Yes, I expect some fantasy, but as one other reviewer pointed out there was one, after another, after another of unbelievable events.
Can't say that I am compelled to read another by this author, and I too am surprised at the 5 star reviews it has received.
I debated between 2 and 3 stars and gave the author the benefit of 3 because part of the book was enjoyable.
It definitely wouldn't be what I would consider great literature.
It's not a "great" book but I enjoyed it.
If you don't mind some willful suspension of disbelief and you're looking for some good escapist reading that's pretty fast-paced and fun, you'll probably like it, too.
If you're looking for a real-life story then you're probably looking in the wrong genre.
fun story abount rich people that still have problem. money can not buy happiness but it does make it easier
I like the story line of this book.
I also like that they don't leave the end open for questions then the next book continues with other characters from the original book ( a new romance).
Picked this book up on the recommendation of some friends.
It is a great start to a great series.
It has romance, it has adventure, a touch of mystery and did I mention romance.
I would recommend this author to anyone looking for a quick read and good story line.
I read Romance Novels to get away from everyday stress and the reality of them..
This book "Maid for the Billionaire" Book One of The Legacy Collection took me away into a life I'd never have.. being "Rich beyond my dreams" and able to drop everything and go anywhere I want to..
Yes, some of the story may not seem believable but Some do fall for a guy in "ONE" day and will follow them anywhere!!
And this book is Fiction!!
If you don't want a Vacation from Reality.. go read a History Book or Biography Book!!
Enjoy this one and then read the rest of the series (Legacy Collection).. this one was a "Free" introduction into the life style of the Rich Beyond Belief!!
(There are people out there that are really this rich) Ruth is a great author and does her job well... she writes a great story to take you way into a different lifestyle... then give her other books a chance to keep you on vacation from reality..
Maid for the Billionaire (Book 1) (Legacy Collection)
Ruth has a wonderful way of telling a story and mingling the characters.
This is the 1st book in her Legacy Collection!
I highly recommend reading them ALL!!!
You will get caught up with the characters lives and how they all fit together!
Be ready to get the 2nd book, and the 3rd and the 4th...
Thanks Ruth!!!
The book was a classical love story that brought two people together after they found out that they could not live without each other.
It restored faith in believing that love conquers all things and no matter how desolate things may look, never give up on love.
Also, if a man and woman have chemistry, they were meant for each other.
Sandro and Theresa found that all.
Having Lily just made their bond stronger and brought them closer together.
This book is a keeper and I will read it over and over in the coming years.
I liked the story mainly because the main characters were so opposite.
This one just kind of pulled me in.
I liked the trend of the story.
I fell in love with Dominic, his emotions were so explosive, so intense.
I love his attitude!
Just really liked reading this one
Good.
Lots of action.
Guy gets girl in the end or maybe not, you need the other books to finish the story.
Maid for the Billionaire by Ruth CardelloI really liked this story.
It's a contemporary romance with lots of humor about two strong people who didn't know what they were missing in their lives until they found each other.
Abby is a middle school teacher who teaches English to non-native speakers.
She's a tough little cookie who takes no guff and holds her own.
Dominic is a self made man.
A guy that has lots of money and the attitude that stereotypically is associated with a man of power.
He's not use to back talk and anyone voicing an opinion that does not mirror his own.
"Do you know who I am?"... what a classical line.
He soon learns that not everyone `knows who he is' or if they do know, they don't bow down to him and his money.
Abby is just the women to teach him a few life lessons.
She sees past the bluster and arrogance to the man underneath.
While Abby is supportive of Dominic she does not blindly follow him.
Dominic learns that sometimes you need to lead with you head and other times you need to follow your heart.
Ms. Cardello writes a smooth and easy story full of witty characters that I look forward to reading about in the next books.
There were some funny lines in this story and a `soap opera' hilarious ending.
The line below is Dominic's which I wanted to add to my review because it was so typical Dom."Do you know that no amount of money will raise the IQ of a teenage clerk?
What kind of department store hides everyone above the age of twenty from the public?"
Ofcourse i will share this book, as this was the first book i read in legacy collection and i got carried away and bought all other books in the series, my favourite hero is alway DOm, I like his character and ABby is perfect for him i like it when ABby tries to calm him down...
Dom is not perfect and he is the type of man everyone wants, he is so close to real people .
Ruth creates all characters so that we get attached to them and personally i will be feeling really bad once the series ends.
Love the lead female - Abby, who has big personality, witty and just the perfect great woman to be behind a great man.
Lots of humor about two strong people.
Romantic as hell.
Steamy sex scenes.
Love the power and the money!
I loved every bit of this awesome book can't wait to read more books like this one.
Author did wonderful
Beautiful love story. i couldnt put it down. i read this book from beginning to end. just didnt want to put it down
A good read !
Starts just a bit slow but heats up pretty quick .
Not to very in depth on the sex sceans..
I received this book as a "freebie" from Amazon.
Well, The plan worked, I just purchased all 3 of this author's stories in book format for my library.
I adored the story, it was a fun uplifting happy tale of a lost Billionaire who needed a down to earth woman to ground him and bring joy and happiness to his life.
I highly recommend it.
Suspend disbelief, and enjoy the fairy tale..
I certainly did.
Kept me entertained through the whole book.
I had a hard time putting it down wanting to see what was going to happen next.
This is a excellent romantic story, plus it is free.
I got really into the plot, the suspense, the characters... basically the whole book series.
I think the author knows how addictive this series can get, which is why this 1st book in the series is free.
It definitely lured me in.
I'm not sure why anyone would rate this book less than a 4 or 5 star.
I found it to be excellent reading.
I couldn't put my kindle down after starting to read.
As soon as I finished this book, I quickly went online to order the remaining 2 books.
Am anxious to begin the next chapter!
If you enjoyed 50 Shades of Grey you will luv this book!!!
Complicated rich man and stubborn woman that pulls him out of the dark... fun, sexy and witty with plenty of twist and turns.
Fun Read!
Great Characters!
Had me laughing and smiling throughout.
Sweet romantic read with lots of well-placed tension and a strong female character.
Great book. short but packed with romance. characters are well written but somewhat predictable. but i do recommend for others.
So you would think that this book would just follow a straight plot line and end up boring.
But just like Nikki Duvall's Barely Legal the clever story line keeps you wanting more.
Smart sexy characters surprised by love and as talented in the boardroom as they are in the bedroom.
Good reading!
I will be recommending this book to all my friends. i love dom and abby. they were made for each other!!!!
Book has good introduction and keeps the reader interested.
International involvement in story line makes for a more current and contemporary relationship to what is happening in the real world.
Really looking forward to reading the next book in the series .
You will fall in love with the characters
When I purchased this book, I did so with the belief that it would likely be a smarmy, "long-haired buff guy ripping the bodice off a long haired busty gal" type of book.
I didn't read it right away, waiting for the right mood to strike.
After finishing a very serious, heavy book, I wanted to read something lighter and decided to give this one a go.
I can happily report that I misjudged this book.
I enjoyed that Abby wasn't so stereotyped that she couldn't be thought of as more than a school teacher.
I've read too many books where a female character is so pigeonholed that when the Author attempts to break them out of their shell, it's not believable.
I found it refreshing that although Dominic is a powerful, wealthy, demanding man, Abby isn't submissive and Dominic doesn't want her to be.
There is an equality in their relationship that makes it much more enjoyable to watch it unfold, much more so than if it was written otherwise.
Overall this was a fun story and I'm glad I gave it a chance.
I'll be continuing on with the series and am looking forward to reading more from this Author.
For those wondering: This was well edited. no glaring mistakes.
The language wasn't over the top, I don't remember any "F words".
The romantic scenes did get pretty steamy.
Great book. short but packed with romance. characters are well written but somewhat predictable. but i do recommend for others.
So you would think that this book would just follow a straight plot line and end up boring.
But just like Nikki Duvall's Barely Legal the clever story line keeps you wanting more.
Smart sexy characters surprised by love and as talented in the boardroom as they are in the bedroom.
Good reading!
I will be recommending this book to all my friends. i love dom and abby. they were made for each other!!!!
Book has good introduction and keeps the reader interested.
International involvement in story line makes for a more current and contemporary relationship to what is happening in the real world.
Really looking forward to reading the next book in the series .
You will fall in love with the characters
When I purchased this book, I did so with the belief that it would likely be a smarmy, "long-haired buff guy ripping the bodice off a long haired busty gal" type of book.
I didn't read it right away, waiting for the right mood to strike.
After finishing a very serious, heavy book, I wanted to read something lighter and decided to give this one a go.
I can happily report that I misjudged this book.
I enjoyed that Abby wasn't so stereotyped that she couldn't be thought of as more than a school teacher.
I've read too many books where a female character is so pigeonholed that when the Author attempts to break them out of their shell, it's not believable.
I found it refreshing that although Dominic is a powerful, wealthy, demanding man, Abby isn't submissive and Dominic doesn't want her to be.
There is an equality in their relationship that makes it much more enjoyable to watch it unfold, much more so than if it was written otherwise.
Overall this was a fun story and I'm glad I gave it a chance.
I'll be continuing on with the series and am looking forward to reading more from this Author.
For those wondering: This was well edited. no glaring mistakes.
The language wasn't over the top, I don't remember any "F words".
The romantic scenes did get pretty steamy.
I love all the characters in this book.
So romantic too.
I hope the fourth book is going to be awesome too.
Can't wait to see!!!
It is a very easy read... not too complicated or involved.
Reminded me of a short story with a very predictable ending.
Didn't have to think much while reading.
I have to say I truly enjoyed this book.
The storyline was well developed, cast of the characters was fun and energetic.
I like the story because of its fast pace.
It was never boring and it just kept going with its energy level.
Abby was a spit-fire from the beginning to the end.
She knew how to handle Dominic from the very beginning.
When she met him and he was feeling down after his dad's death (not because it was a lose).
He insulted her and she gave him what for right back she never allowed him to get away with it.
Here he was the mean billionaire and she was the coy quiet school teacher but she never back down.
They had a bantering relationship that most would not understand.
But she calmed him & made him a better man.
He spiced up her life.
Showed her new thing allowed her to move out of her comfort zone.
They became a team.
I loved all the supporting characters too.
An easy predictable read.
Perfect vacation book to enjoy.
You can put it down and pick it up very easily.
I must say overall I enjoyed the book.
It was a quick easy read with characters that I liked.
Very similar to some of the characters you may find in a Harlequin novel.
My only complaint was that some parts of the story felt a little unrealistic in some areas to me anyway.
Personally I do not know anyone who would travel all the way to China with someone they hardly know.
And there were a few other things like that.
However it was a great escape read and I look forward to reading the other 2 books in the series.
It was light and something to fantisize about.
Far from real life.
I still enjoyed most of it.
Fast read
This book is cute if thats want you want to read.
I prefer a good story with real people in situations that can happen to the average person.
I really enjoyed this book series.
It was an easy read and you really connected with them.
I was left wanting more for sure.
I wasn't too sure about it when I purchased it but it has really hard to put down once I started reading.
Also read book 2 and 3.
All were great.
Although I read the whole book I felt there was not enough character depth.
It is good for a quick read but nothing memorable will be forthcoming.
I really enjoyed this book.
The main characters were perfect for each other, and I loved the chemistry between them.
In my opinion, this book is in my list of top 5 favorite books.
Dominic and Abigail made the story so real.
I also enjoyed the two books that followed.
Loved the book because I was "into it" immediately.
Read it in one day and purchased the next two in the series.
Guess that is a pretty good recommendation.
I was pleasantly surprised with this book.
I thought that the cover looked a little old fashion romance novelish that I am not all about, but liked the sample and the reviews, so I gave it a shot, and LOVED it.
You cannot help but love Dominic.
Definitely would recommend this book!
I loved reading this book.
It was concise, beautiful and funny.
I loved Dominic and Abby together.
However, the book was too concise.
I would have liked to see the relationship develop some more.
Other than the first night, Dominic and Abby never shared a meal together.
Also, the book felt rushed and some issues were left unresolved. an example is, did Abby get pregnant or not?
I know Dominic was hoping that she had.
I am currently reading book 2.
I really enjoyed this book series.
It was an easy read and you really connected with them.
I was left wanting more for sure.
I wasn't too sure about it when I purchased it but it has really hard to put down once I started reading.
Also read book 2 and 3.
All were great.
Although I read the whole book I felt there was not enough character depth.
It is good for a quick read but nothing memorable will be forthcoming.
I really enjoyed this book.
The main characters were perfect for each other, and I loved the chemistry between them.
In my opinion, this book is in my list of top 5 favorite books.
Dominic and Abigail made the story so real.
I also enjoyed the two books that followed.
Loved the book because I was "into it" immediately.
Read it in one day and purchased the next two in the series.
Guess that is a pretty good recommendation.
I was pleasantly surprised with this book.
I thought that the cover looked a little old fashion romance novelish that I am not all about, but liked the sample and the reviews, so I gave it a shot, and LOVED it.
You cannot help but love Dominic.
Definitely would recommend this book!
I loved reading this book.
It was concise, beautiful and funny.
I loved Dominic and Abby together.
However, the book was too concise.
I would have liked to see the relationship develop some more.
Other than the first night, Dominic and Abby never shared a meal together.
Also, the book felt rushed and some issues were left unresolved. an example is, did Abby get pregnant or not?
I know Dominic was hoping that she had.
I am currently reading book 2.
This book grabs you from the beginning and holds your attention!
Loved it!
It does a good job letting you get to know the characters; which you will need as you explore book 2 & 3.
Can't wait for the forth in the series!
Good Job!
Great lite reading... doesn't bog you down.
This is a must read... the other 2 books are superb as well.
Can't wait to see what happens with the sheik and the Chinese billionaire.
The maid turned out to be the sister of the organial maid that worked for the guy.
After his fathers death he comes home to deal with things but ended up falling in love with this school teacher who is helping her sister out.
She keeped up helping the guy with his sister, the guys business deal, her sister, and was able to get her life on track which is something she didnt know was messed up.
This is a great "read"!
Loved the romance & family ties plus it had a moral lesson as well.
Easy read, entertaining, didn't want to put it down!
Can't wait to read the next one in the series!
I love Nora Roberts, Judith McNaught, and Jude D. but had not read any of Cardello's books before... now I'm a fan.
I recently read a lot of billionaire books, but this one is my favorite, it had a great plot, and made me want to read the complete series..
Which I did and loved all of those too!!
This is a typical "Harlequin" type romance.
Entirely unbelievable situations with likable characters.
No heavy thought required.
Just a light, easy read.
If you're looking for something that you must "engage" with characters to "see them through", skip it.
If you want something light and easy, you'll enjoy this one.
I got this book since it was free on Amazon.
What I got along with the book was a new addiction for this series.
I devoured the book and quickly bought the next two installments, they were equally amazing.
Maid for the Billionaire (Book 1) (Legacy Collection)BY Ruth CardelloWitty, Well written, sexy romance (not Erotica, I almost wish she turned the dial up, these characters were so hot) And to my surprise, LAUGH OUT LOUD FUNNY .
Don't pass this freebie up.
I read it in one day, and enjoyed it completely!
This is a series, but it looks like it takes off with different family members, oh, I'm sure the original characters in book one will make an appearance, but I would have enjoyed more of the originals.
Anyone read the entire series?
This was a quick easy read with a good flow.
The first chapter was a bit slow but, once thru it, almost from the first sentence in chapter 2, I couldn't put the book down.
I didn't like the title to the book because it was misleading to me, I thought the book was going to be more along the lines of the Maid in Manhattan (jenifer lopez) movie and I almost didn't download it.
As a matter of fact, I had probably looked at this title a week before I finally downloaded it.
I was pleasantly suprised that the book was not as cheezy as the title.
I thought the characters were fleshed out well and I really liked the plot.
I read this series and really liked them all.
Light and entertaining.
If your looking for something more realistic, then these aren't for you.
I really enjoyed this novel... lovely storyline and quite entertaining!
It's good occupation for anyone with a free afternoon to cozy up somewhere and read!
I really enjoyed reading Maid for the Billionaire!
The characters are so believable and engaging.
I love Dominic and Abigail.
I didn't want the book to end.
The travel to China was a thrill.
Highly recommend!
I have read several romance novels and this has got to be one of the top 10 for me.
Dominic being the sexy, business man that has a history to which leaves him closed off to any who tries to get in and Abby being the headstrong, girl next door left me rooting for their union in love the whole book through.
The whole plot was a page turner leaving me wanting to know what was going to happen, especially in another country.
The other characters just added to the endearment of the book which left me wanting to read the rest of the series so much more!
Bravo!
I have read several romance novels and this has got to be one of the top 10 for me.
Dominic being the sexy, business man that has a history to which leaves him closed off to any who tries to get in and Abby being the headstrong, girl next door left me rooting for their union in love the whole book through.
The whole plot was a page turner leaving me wanting to know what was going to happen, especially in another country.
The other characters just added to the endearment of the book which left me wanting to read the rest of the series so much more!
Bravo!
Good book, totally unrealistic in my eyes but it's a book,ot real life.
I just wish the second one started where these two left off.
One of those cute escapism romantic novels that was actually nicely written.
I definitely recommend for anyone who likes these types of novels.
The chemistry between Dominic and Abigail are great!
I love the pace of the book - not too fast or too slow.
The characters were a lot of fun to follow.
It makes you secretly wish you were Abigail and swept off your feet by a handsome billionaire like Dominic.
The one thing I didn't like about the book was the reason behind his family's problems.
I felt it wasn't well explained at the end and wished it was done a little better.
Read this knowing it was a romance and probably not my style.
All that said, it was fun to read until about 3/4 through.
It was too sappy for me.
There were times I felt embarrassed that I was reading it.
I stumbled across this book late one night when I finished another one.
Started the book and couldn't put it down... finished the next night and had to read the next book... very easy read; story line wasn't exceptional but it was interesting!
I really enjoyed this book- currently on the third one now.
The author is an engaging writer and the characters were fun to follow.
Really enjoyed this book.
Fast read!
It has a little bit of humor, romance and suspense.
This book is cheesy at times.
But it was free
I enjoyed this book very much.
The hero is a great alpha male type, who is rich and used to issuing orders.
The heroine is a smart lady, used to dealing with needy children.
Her excellent perception of people's needs causes her to give this challenging male a chance in her life, though at first, she is very hesitant.
They each learn more about themselves and family relationships, while exploring this new attraction to each other.
Sexy but warm, you'll enjoy this e-book.
Maid for the billionaire is now one of my favorites!
I couldn't put it down.
The attraction and friendship between Dominic and Abigail made me smile throughout the book.
Dominic needed someone to be there for him and in an accidental meeting, he found that special someone in Abigail.
This story has humor, a little drama, but a whole lot of feel good romance and I will be rereading it and highly recommend!
I enjoyed reading Dominic and Abigail's story in Maid for the Billionaire.
I love the little misunderstanding at the beginning with Abigails' real occupation.
The storyline was strong and the characters were loveable.
A great first book.
Can't wait to read the entire series!
Highly recommend!
I loved this book!
I had to read the next one to find out what happens to Abby and Dom!
Loved all three books, the have a great plot, characters I truly identified with and some steamy scenes!
Who could ask for more!
I have read all three of the Legacy Series and could not put any of them down.
They are such good romance novels.
I love everything about this author's writing and can't wait for more books.
I love this book and the following book, For Love or Legacy.
Can't wait to read the rest of them.
It was such fun to "be in that book and feel" the characters and places coming to life.
There were a few places I wanted to "stay there."
Ruth Cardello gave just enough description of everything to keep the reading from becoming boring, and to keep me turning the pages.
Thanks, Ms. Cardello,for sharing your great talent with us, your readers.
When I first read this book, I thought it was a tad bit slow and boring.
As I got deeper into the book, it got really interesting and I couldn't put it down.
I really enjoyed reading this book and I recommend it.
This was a nice quick read.
Will be downloading the sequels to my Kindle to read ASAP.
Good lead up to sequeals.
I couldn't put this book down!
I absolutely loved it!
It was so sensual that it made my heart yearn for the romance in this book.
I recommend it to anyone who loves a good loves story!
Wonderful!
The book was awesome!
It had great characters and a very enticing storyline.
I liked the strong female paired with strong male lead roles.
Niether dominated, at least not in the wrong moments.
It was really well written.
I totally enjoyed it!
A little romance with some sexy bits.
It's quite an enjoyable read for $0 dollar, however it doesn't make me want me get the other books about Nicole and Stephen or Lil and Jake and Zhang and whoever.
Knowing the ending for Abby and Dom (Main Characters for this book) was enough.
You see what I mean?
On another note, I wonder why were there some highlighted parts in the story underlined on the Kindle Version!!?
This has got to be my favorite romance novel.
I couldn't put it down!
Fast paced and funny, it is definitely a page turner.
My favorite part is that the characters are so relatable that it's easy to get lost in them and imagine yourself right there in the moment with them.
A great vacation from reality when actual vacations are getting too expensive.
I can't wait for book 3!
While it was a nice story, the book was so predictable.
I think that is what bothered me most about the book.
No serious twist or turns, I like being taken for a loop and this book just didn't offer it.
While it was a nice story, the book was so predictable.
I think that is what bothered me most about the book.
No serious twist or turns, I like being taken for a loop and this book just didn't offer it.
This is a great story.
Story like this usually has some "thriller" element in it.
But this is not really.
There is a little bit of mistery.
The ending was great.
Dominic finally knew where his mother was whom he had been looking for many years.
The author was even paved the path cleverly for the next book.
I will re-read this again and look forward to reading the 2nd book.
I enjoyed this book from start to finish.
What a fairytale come true.
Once I started reading I just couldn't stop.
I read on my laptop for convenience and it was great.
The storyline and the characters were very enticing and definitely kept my interest throughout.
Can't wait to read the next one.
The ending is so good I want to read the 2nd one.
A must buy!!!
If you like romance, this is your book!
Loved this book!
Loved the characters!
So glad there was another just finished that one too!
Can't wait for her next book.
Maid For The Billionaire was and excellant book that keep me on my toes and flipping pages till the book was done and wanting more!!!!
Know I'm on line writing this review and downloading book 2 onto my kindle!!
Anyone who watched PRETTY WOMEN over and over again would love this book!!
It's similar but different in its own way.
I was able to put myself right into that movie, and also right into this book.
Love the charactors.
I loved this book, I will also be getting the rest of the series..
This book had it all, happiness, sadness etc..
I loved the fact that she didn't back down from him.
Once I started this book I did not put it down until I was finished reading it..
a little far fetched.
Although I enjoyed the read and love the thought of the fantasy.
For me,the story line was little to un realistic and far fetched.
I got this as a free book and was quite pleasantly surprised by it.
Good characters and plot and very hard to put down.
A relaxing read with worthwhile sex and a reason for kisses.
A change of pace from my normal haunts, a change of pace that made me smile.
If there's a book two, I'm hunting for it now.
Great book Ruth Cardello, rock on.
A great read for a relaxing afternoon.
Full range of emotions.
Satisfing ending, sex was justified not thrown in.
I like the family aspect especially with the mother.
As the title said, I was pleasantly surprised by this book.
The plot sounded pretty typical, but it was actually refreshingly original and left me craving for more.
There were a lot of unpredictability, humor, action, and character depth.
I fell in love with the characters - ALL of them, but of course the main characters fully captured my heart.
Abby is a witty, intelligent woman and Dominic is more than just a billionaire used to getting anything he wants - especially once he met Abby!
Both are stubborn but their chemistry was sparkling.
Simply brilliant!
I would have gladly paid for this novel since Ruth has made me a fan of her work with this novel alone.
I will be purchasing the second novel in the series because I know she won't disappoint!
I completely enjoyed reading this book.
Abby is my kind of girl.
She is strong, smart and very innocent.
Dominic is a typical egocentric guy.
She turns him around and that is beautiful.
The other characters play a crucial role to the story and the overall feel of the book.
I truly enjoyed imagining where the future will take the characters.
Can't wait to read more!!!
So amazing.
Ruth Cardello is such a great writer.
It is a true romance and I can not wait to read the next book.
I hope it is just as good.
very cute story.
I found it was an easy read and held my interest.
I would recommend this book to others.
Maid for the Billionaire by Ruth CardelloMoney sure can't buy happiness.
Dominic Corisi was proof of that.
He spent most of his life gaining fortune after being disinherited and now that he was about to pounce on his father... the old guy up and died.
He wasn't mourning his father, only the loss of his revenge.
Running off to his home in Boston that he never went to, with all his mansions all over the world why bother.
Seems going to the old Brownstone was about to change his life... for good and bad.
Abby Dartley was trying to save her sister Lil's butt, again.
Only her sister had finally got her life on the right track now that she was a single mother.
Today couldn't be helped.
The brownstone needed to be cleaned and Lil was sick.
Only Mr. Armani walks in and tells her to leave, and she should have, but Abby being a fixer upper type of gal sees a project.
A decision that leads her out of Boston and into China.
A decision that takes her heart even further.
Maid for the Billionaire is a free ebook but once you have read it I'm sure you will be jumping in your seat to go and snag book 2 and then you'll be chewing your nails until this summer when book 3 is released.
It was well written and Ruth brought the emotions of the characters out well and pulled a few tears from me when things took a down turn.
Ruth already has book 2 in this series out, For Love or Legacy.
Book 3 is too be released this summer, Bedding the Billionaire and a 4th book sometime in the future will be called Saving the Sheik.**Sexual situations
I must admit I thought this was going to be a cheezy typical Maid falls in love with Billionaire novel and WOW was I mistaken!!!
I was captivated and I simply could not put this one down, I pulled an all nighter and it was so worth it!
This novel had it all, great HOT sex, great chemistry, great plot, great characters at every turn and mystery as well.
I absolutley fell in love with Dominic and Abby as well as all the sencondary characters and I am so looking forward to starting book 2.
Ruth Cardello did such an amazing job weaving her tale and making me feel like I was there along for the magnificent adventure!
I especially loved all the travel, which made me feel like I was living vicariously through the characters.
Loved every minute of this non stop adventure and cannot wait to read more works from Ms. Cardello!
This story was cute, believable for the most part.
It got a little cheesy/fake feeling at the end when the billionaires mother came into the picture, but in general, I liked the book.
I love love!
Love this story...
From beginning to end was amazing and romatic.
I love a rag to riches love story.
This is most definetly beauty and the beast meets Donald Trump and Erin Bracovich...
I truly recommend ...
This book is the first in a series of love, romance, trust, it is all written here.
Interesting start to how this couple meet and how it goes into a roller coaster of events over a short period of time.
Dominic is in shock and frustration from his fathers death, Abby is the one who has the calming influence but is she able to help him?
There is much to sort out in the business world, can he sign his contract with China or will his rival beat him to it.
A well told story that keeps the interest going, looking forward to more of this authors work.
Fantastic Reading, couldn't wait til the evening when i pick up the book and continue reading.
Will keep an eye out for more Ruth Cardello's books
I enjoyed reading this book.
Have not heard of this author, but the book was very good.
It kept my interest through the whole book, can't wait to get book 2 in this collection
Personally, I thought this book had a slow start.
But by chapter 2, I was off and running.
It picked up really quickly and before I knew it I was already finished and started reading For Love or Legacy.
Highly recommend this series.
reading the book i did enjoy it, with the graphics of emotions that the story was told by the author. it had the drama, that i need to pick me up after a hard day.
I got this book free and loved it so much bought the next one.
I would like to preorder the rest of the collection if possible.
I am a first time Ruth Cardello reader and will be a lifelong fan.
I loved this book from start to finish, quality writing, kept me turning the page.
So glad I found this author.
great book, I loved it very much can't wait to read the next one.
Both it already and am about to start now.
I was looking for something other than a mystery and found Maid For The Billionaire, which was a very good read.
I saw very few mistakes, which was one reason it got 4 stars from me, besides it was fun to watch the characters intertwine and connect.
I just bought book two, so hope it is as entertaining.
Would recommend this for a rainy day read.
This was a great story about the romance between two unlikely characters.
The only issue with the book was with the connection between the characters.
It is hard to believe that such an intense connection developed between the two main characters in such a short time.
If there had been some prior interaction (like online interaction where they don't really know the person behind the computer or something)to help make a connection before the face to face interaction, it would have been more believable to me.
Other than that, it was an enjoyable read.
I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to read a "light" romantic book.
A fair amount of tension between the main characters kept it interesting.
Definitely an easy read!
sweet book and fun to read while being home sick from work- WIN-WIN situation.
I would recommend this book for sure!
I cannot believe this book was free!
Please do yourself a favor and read this book, you're going to fall in love with the characters and their lives.
I've already bought book #2 and cannot wait to start reading!
This book definitely had some unique spin on the whole rich guy, poor woman angle.
The story had an interesting plot, some thoughtful sub plot involving China and a cast of likable characters.
The book did drag on at the end with a lot of unnecessary information that I felt was only there to lead to a second book, which made me give four stars.
However, overall this was an enjoyable, easy read.
i was able to read just the sample though .. but book was very nice.. luv it five starz!!! ... i was very excited reading it and makes me wanna read the other series of this book ...
So exciting...
This book was cute and fun.
It was a cute story about a rich tycoon falling in love with an everyday school teacher.
It wassn't something I'd pay full price for, but for a short, free book I liked it.
I may or may not read the next books in the series.
I would recommend it to a friend for somethng fun to read.
i loved this book. i actually fell in love with the guy! i wished i was abigail dartley and it wasn't just because of the money! i will definitely consider reading more books from this author. this story was fast paced and kept me interested at all times. i whizzed through it in a day.
Abigail Dartley is always doing things to save her sister, help her sister out.
She feels its her duty.
During one of these times she meets Dominic Corisi, a billionaire conceited jerk.
He randomly decides to take Abby to China on a business trip to use for his pleasures.
Lies and deceit are apparent in this book as well as love for family and one another.
This was book 1 in the series and was well worth the read.
Very enjoyable book, I can't wait to read the next one!
Easy read, witty and entertaining.
It has very likable characters and interesting storyline.
I just finished reading this book and I've already ordered the next one in the series.
It was refreshing, fun and would make a great beach read.
I really really liked this book, I had wished it was even longer.
The story keeps your attention keeps you interested. i love this book.
I love romance novels as a fun read to distract myself from reality.
This one actually had a pretty good storyline and build up of characters.
I have been hooked on it and haven't been able to stop reading since the beginning.
I will definitely be looking for more from this author.
I'm not a big fan of "billionaire books" where the hero is mega-rich but I downloaded this one for free and because it had so many rave reviews, I thought it would be different.
I wasn't disappointed.
The characters were made for each other and the story was believable, fast and well-written.
I enjoyed it so much I'm off to read more of this author's works.
I loved this book, she is now one of my favorite authors!
Great job!
It was so realistic and genuine, i loved the character development also. it was a nice heart warming and funny romance.
I really enjoyed the characters in this book, and it definitely got my attention.
It was not boring, and can't wait for book II to come out.
Great job Ruth.
I admit some of the aspects of the story are a little unbelievable but try to remember that it is a fiction.
I enjoyed the chemistry and interaction between the two main characters.
Overall, it was an interesting story that I actually managed to read rather that just skim as I do so many that fail to hold my interest.
I've read over 500 romance novels (really!) and Maid for the Billionaire is one of the best I've ever read.
The characters are human and the heroine is real.
She's not cowed by the hero's attempts to blackmail her into submission (unlike the average romance novel heroine) and she gives as good as she gets.
Abby reminds me a lot of Jane Anne Krentz's heroines - they stand eye to eye to their men as worthy partners.
As for the hero, he is adorable!
Simply put, this book is gobble-it-up GOOD!!
I just bought the second book in the series For Love or Legacy (Book 2) (Legacy Collection).
Can't wait to dive into it!
It was very easy to get swept up with the characters in this book -- one that I hated to put down when I had to.
This book was so good, I could not put it down.
I was up until 3 a. m. and had work the next day.
The story line is good, it progresses at a good pace.
The love scenes were tasteful... sweet.
It made me feel like falling in love all over again.
I know its fiction but it felt good while it lasted.
Can't wait to read book 2.
I stretched my rating up to 4 stars, since we don't have the ability to go in between stars.
But then again, the book probably deserves the 4 without qualifying, if you are looking for something just fun to read.
Yes, a lot of the story points are a real stretch - and if you are the type who wants technical accuracy, and practical, every day events - this is not the book for you.
But if you will let your imagination run free through the pages, and just be entertained - you should enjoy this book.
The author has done well setting a pace, and with enough turns along the road to keep the story interesting.
I'll be looking forward to more from this author.
I will admit the ending was a bit cheesy; however, I enjoyed the read.
Dominic's character was very intriguing to me.
I am now in the process of purchasing the next book:-)!
I will admit the ending was a bit cheesy; however, I enjoyed the read.
Dominic's character was very intriguing to me.
I am now in the process of purchasing the next book:-)!
Abby isn't looking for love, just a good time.
That's just fine by Dominic, who needs love anyway.
He's trying to save his company and takes Abby along to China as a play thing.
She's more important that either of them guess.
Can love prevail?
this was a great book, it had me hooked straight away! i read the whole thing in one go - i just couldn't put it down, and i cant wait to read the next in the series!!
I have never read a romance novel before but I think I will be reading more if they are like this book!
I really enjoyed it!
I couldn't put it down.
I totally loved this book, I bought the kindle version and I totally could not put it down.
The story's develops well, even though progress is a little slow at times, but all in all, it a book I'll recommend to friends.
I could not put this book down.
I read it because it was free but I would have gladly paid full price.
The characters were amazing and you couldn't help but love them right away.
I read this and the second book in the series For Love or Legacy in less than 24 hours.
They were too good to put down.
The third book is due out this Summer and it's going to be torture to wait that long.
I highly highly recommend this book.
This was so much fun to read.
I loved it in so many ways.
Sure the plot and time frame of one week isn't realistic but it's a book, it's suppost to be entertaining.
This book enjoyable and has a great ending.
The writing was very good, the characters were well developed, and the plot was interesting.
It held my interest throughout.
If you are looking for a light-hearted, romantic story with a feel-good ending, this is the book for you!
Looking foward to the next book in the series!
I really enjoyed reading this book.
It kept my interests from start to finish...
I wanted to read more.
I'll be looking for other books by this author.
It wasn't what I expected at all.
GREAT book!
I really enjoyed this story especially because it was so cheap!
The story was more exciting than excpected.
A great love story and easy, quick read.
I can't believe I just got this for free!
This was a solidly good romance novel.
The guy was rakish but not foul, you know?
It was the right amount of push and pull.
Heck, it's free, just grab it!
Loved this book!!!
This was a book that kept my interest throughout the entire story.
Can't wait to read the next one!!
Throughout this book I laughed and cried with the character Abby.
Her remarks were straightforward and blunt, her reactions were are incredibly believable and I can see how she made her decisions.
She is an incredibly real girl in a unrealistic situation that ended in happily ever after.
Although I cannot see this happening in reality, the story portrayed the situations as "what is impossible, is possible".
Overall I love the quality of the characters, each emotion they expressed felt real.
I loved this book!
When I saw the title, I was intrigued because most kinds of similar titles for books and movies do well.
The opening was a bit quick for me, as it didn't introduce the characters in enough detail for me to get familiar with them.
Normally I wouldn't mind a fast-paced book, but not with a romance.
It went from man meets woman, whirlwind courtship.
But in this case the courtship was like a week and they wound up falling desperately in love.
I'm all for love at first sight, but this book should of gone into a little more detail.
The characters were easy to love once your brain settled.
Who doesn't like a bitter rich man transforming into a tender-hearted man after the sweet down to earth heroine forces him to realize he's been wrong?
Beyond trying to stay caught up with everything going on, it was a wonderful book, and I'm happy to say I bought the second book in the series after I finished.
Can't wait to get started!
Overall I liked this book but I have to say that the first half was much better than the second half.
The first half is clever and funny.
The second half was a little over-the-top...
The whole story happens in a week's time?
Please!
And she walked in and saved his business deal, right in the middle of an international deal in which presidents of countries were involved?
Again, please!
This had the potential to be a 5 star book, but it kinda fell a little flat halfway thru.
I enjoyed this book & will be looking for more in the series.
It kept my interest and I enjoyed the characters, especially Abby.
Thanks for offering it for free!
A good read if youre looking for light, engaging, quick reading romance.
(Awful if youre looking for profound, life-changing romantic fiction.)
A kind of Cinderella love story.
Escapist reading.
Just what I needed after a stressful day.
Well presented and formatted.
I have just gotten all set up to do reviews and am so excited that this is my very first one.
Yeah for me.
I read about a book a day and was so lucky to stumble upon this jewel of a book.
It was every girls fantasy, well at least mine.
I love the spunk of the main character and how she was such a strong character.
I loved how our hero knew what he wanted and didn't stop until he got it.
I loved the romance of flying off to another country and falling in love.
I can't wait to watch their romance progress in the upcoming books.
I'm on my way to buy her second book.
What a great story.
I'm only 17 and I purchased this book for my Kindle.
I am also an aspiring writer.
This has to be on of the best romances I read in a very long time.
Dominic is a powerful man who expects everyone and everything to fall at his feet...
Until he met Abby and she sets him straight.
This book is very inspirational from top to bottom Ruth Cardello did an awesome job.
Absolutely loved this book.
A dominating man with a heart under his hard exterior lures me in.
Its a great escape into a romance and soooo look forward reading the sequel!
I loved this book!
When I saw the title, I was intrigued because most kinds of similar titles for books and movies do well.
The opening was a bit quick for me, as it didn't introduce the characters in enough detail for me to get familiar with them.
Normally I wouldn't mind a fast-paced book, but not with a romance.
It went from man meets woman, whirlwind courtship.
But in this case the courtship was like a week and they wound up falling desperately in love.
I'm all for love at first sight, but this book should of gone into a little more detail.
The characters were easy to love once your brain settled.
Who doesn't like a bitter rich man transforming into a tender-hearted man after the sweet down to earth heroine forces him to realize he's been wrong?
Beyond trying to stay caught up with everything going on, it was a wonderful book, and I'm happy to say I bought the second book in the series after I finished.
Can't wait to get started!
Overall I liked this book but I have to say that the first half was much better than the second half.
The first half is clever and funny.
The second half was a little over-the-top...
The whole story happens in a week's time?
Please!
And she walked in and saved his business deal, right in the middle of an international deal in which presidents of countries were involved?
Again, please!
This had the potential to be a 5 star book, but it kinda fell a little flat halfway thru.
I enjoyed this book & will be looking for more in the series.
It kept my interest and I enjoyed the characters, especially Abby.
Thanks for offering it for free!
A good read if youre looking for light, engaging, quick reading romance.
(Awful if youre looking for profound, life-changing romantic fiction.)
A kind of Cinderella love story.
Escapist reading.
Just what I needed after a stressful day.
Well presented and formatted.
I have just gotten all set up to do reviews and am so excited that this is my very first one.
Yeah for me.
I read about a book a day and was so lucky to stumble upon this jewel of a book.
It was every girls fantasy, well at least mine.
I love the spunk of the main character and how she was such a strong character.
I loved how our hero knew what he wanted and didn't stop until he got it.
I loved the romance of flying off to another country and falling in love.
I can't wait to watch their romance progress in the upcoming books.
I'm on my way to buy her second book.
What a great story.
I'm only 17 and I purchased this book for my Kindle.
I am also an aspiring writer.
This has to be on of the best romances I read in a very long time.
Dominic is a powerful man who expects everyone and everything to fall at his feet...
Until he met Abby and she sets him straight.
This book is very inspirational from top to bottom Ruth Cardello did an awesome job.
Absolutely loved this book.
A dominating man with a heart under his hard exterior lures me in.
Its a great escape into a romance and soooo look forward reading the sequel!
This book is a classic romance.
I couldn't put it down from the beginning.
This is a our classic day Cinderella story.
Where the girl meets and falls in love with the rich man.
I didn't know if I would like this or not, but I really did.
Hope to read the next in the series.
this book was sooo good.
I can not wait for the reading of the others.
Who knew what the rich and famous need a just a down to earth person.
Someone so down to earth that it would change his whole world.
This book was pretty good.
Very funny & romantic.
The writing was good.
It was a book that I didn't want to put down for too long.
I gave it 3 stars because it was good, but with all of the other books that I have read I have high expectations.
If I wouldn't have read it, it would have been no big deal, but since I did I will def. read the next one.
I did get this one free on amazon, but I would pay to read something else from this author.
I love the book.
It is quick and witty, fun and romantic.
I bought book 2 as soon as I finished this one and now I will be waiting on book 3.
This was a great read, with likable characters.
Love women with power.
I am ready for the next in the series.
easy read. and a great page turner,, Soooo worth your time... and buy the other books in this series... if you like a good old fashion love story this is a good one.
Reading is a way to escape the real world and the real world pains.
This book was a fun way to escape into a fantasy that many would love to run away and be lost in forever.
Maybe the whole premise of a teacher meeting a billionaire and running off with him isn't realistic, but that is why I'm reading a book.
To get lost in a story line that may or may not come true.
Ruth Cardello does a wonderful job of bringing humor and passion to a story.
I wondered how the story would continue and then figured that Nichole and Stephen would be a great place to start the next book, low and behold the end of Maid for the Billionaire leads us into a plot that there is a relationship between them and Stephen is out for revenge.
So because I thoroughly enjoyed Maid for the Billionaire I have purchased the next book and plan to enjoy reading For Love or Legacy.
You have nothing to loose, this is a great story that will help you escape the real world, click buy now and enjoy a little fantasy.
I downloaded this book(for free)based on the reviews and I'm glad I did.
This novel is as good as any Nora Roberts classic romance novel... you know, the kind that leaves you feeling high on 'love' when your done reading it.
Very well written and engrossing; I fell in love with Abby and Dominic right away!
I cant wait to get started on the next book and find out what happens between Dominic and his sister.
Bottom line: This is a wonderful book and I'm so glad I stumbled upon Ruth Cardello.
Great romance!
I couldn't put it down... literally.
The premise could have been unbelievable, but somehow it wasn't.
Just a great book with a hot hero and a likeable heroine.
I'm excited to jump into the next one...
I'm a sucker for series!
Reminds me of an Harlequin romance with more umph! to it.
I liked that Abby gave as good as she got, but all of a sudden everybody from the bodyguard to Dominic's rival wanted her.
Dominic was hurt and didn't hesitate to lash out.
I would have thought Abby had more morals than to fly to China with a man as his sex toy and I would have thought it would have been harder to get a passport with less than 2 hr notice--I don't care how rich you are, we are talking about China here.
This story held my attention, because I couldn't wait to see what other outlandish thing Abby would get into.
Good book with an actual plot.
Showcases a strongly willed woman that can deal with a strong willed man and still have a good relationship.
I was wonderfully surprised once I read this book.
I was thinking that if it were free it must not be any good.
Boy, was I wrong.... it is an excellent book and I throughly enjoyed it.... now I just have to buy the next in the series.
What a romantic read - I got a free download of this book and I enjoyed every word.
I'm definitely going to check out more works by this author.
This book is very well written, the characters are well developed and fun to read about.
I had a hard time putting it down.
The story line was intriguing and interesting to follow.
Abby and Dom create a wonderful pair, can't hardly wait to see where the plot continues.
Will be purchasing other books in this series.
Well written, new story line - not the norm.
I look forward to the sequel.
This book kept my attention, so often I wind up skimming and didn't do that with this one.
I really loved this book, short story but so worth my time.
Dominic and Abigail for ever.
I laughed, cried and sad on this story.
A very amazing book to read want more of these two, but the next one is on Dominics sister and his rival.
I'm going to be looking out for Ruth Cardello's books now that I'm done reading Maid for the billionaire.
Every page was worth reading... every page was beautifully written and every page carried that sensual tension that made me fall in love with romance novels in the first place.
This book is fun and is a quick read.
Love the pace of the book.
The book has fun moments yet also touch on some world views on women in China.
Nice to imagine that changes can happen as simply as in the book.
I can't wait for the next book.
Love to see how another strong man is "brought down" by love.
I have not read a book by Ruth Cardello before but really enjoyed this one.
As I have it on my office computer was only able to read at lunch breaks or at any other spare moment so it kept me entertained and I found it very pleasant reading.
Will have to buy the next book on pay day!
I don't often review the books I read,, especially the free ones.
I was hooked after the start of the second chapter.
Here is a hot looking billionaire, falling in lust for who he thinks is a maid.
Sparks fly, but she's not his usual type.
Abbey wants nothing to do with Dominic, it just better and better.
Please romance lovers, take a look at this marvelous story ( the first of the Legacy collection ) You won't be soory.
Any book that can make me laugh containing a believable strong woman is a great book for me.
Yes, there are a few roll-your-eyes moments but, hay it's a good book with a bit of humor.
You'll get a cozy feeling by the time you finish reading the book.
Nice job Mrs. Cardello
This book was excellent and I don't see why you are listing it for free.
You should be making money on it.
The charaters were full of depth and I really enjoyed the story.
If I have one complaint it is that I don't like when characters fall head over heels in love in only a week's time.
I wish more time was stretched out for them to really know each other before declaring undying love.
I have read thousands of romance books and have seen that same thing a lot and it is something I personaly don't like.
But the characters are great, and I just purchased book two and started to read it but only got a few pages today.
I am excited to sink into it tonight.
If you love these strong alpha male characters check out The Billionaire Wins the Game, another great series.
I love quick easy reading kind of books.
This was similar and easy to get into.
The author made you want to read about the characters and the ending made perfect sense to go into the sequel of this book.
The sequel was just as good and I look forward to reading the next book!
I loved this book.
Great characters and great plot.
I read it ion one day and had to order the 2nd book.
I cant wait until the 3rd book is released.
I love this writer.
Worth every second of your time.
Surprisingly a good read.
I was very pleased with the development of the story and characters although the ending did seem a bit too unrealistic.
Overall, despite a few cliche and silly dialogue scenes, a fun, gripping story with enough romance, intrigue and suspense to satisfy and make you want to read the next book.
OK here goes, this one is tough.
The writing is good.
You really want to hang in there want to see what is going to happen next.
Some e-pub authors you can tell know how to string a sentence together.
This one can also vary sentence structure and string chapters together!
Well done there.
And as a reader, you almost want to like these people.
But my beefs are (oh and there are probably spoilers here so if you really care, stop reading):- I almost stopped reading right away because the (courier?) font on the Kindle is painful- For the first 1/3 of the book nothing is really believable: the "instant mutual attraction"; the resistance of the heroine to the hero because of all of her pride and whatnot and then the immediate acceptance of a spa day and shopping spree.
Like other reviewers this smacked of "pretty woman" not in the, 'well Julia Roberts is a prostitute so she's gonna act like a leach' kind of way.- Neither the billionaire nor the "maid" actually behave in a way that makes any sense - or is likable.
He immediately comes off as a bully and she as a TSTL heroine - come on!
She left the COUNTRY with him!- Then there are some interesting parts when they actually do get to China.
I was impressed with some of the conflict and intrigue.
Then I was glad I stuck with it.- Then we had the trip to the Chinese countryside (and even to myself having been there and having adopted a daughter from China) it felt kind of preachy in a "this is what I, a wise author, know and will condescend to impart my vast knowledge upon you, the uninformed reader" kind of way.
Turn-off.
But I stuck with it.- More conflict.
Not badly written.
I was back in.- Then apparently we are hit with a secondary romance (HINT author: Lil could have had her own book) and tertiary romance (Mom gotta man - I like it.. but weird and rushed).
Not bad, EXCELLENT for free... and if I'm honest with you I probably will pay the $2.99 for 'book 2' but is not a 5-star or on par w/ the genres masters (for whom you have to pay to read their books).
What a good story.
Cant wait till the next book.
Hope the series continues.
A very good read and one that you cant put down.
This was a fantastic story!
I loved all the characters and thought it was well written.
I definitely recommend this one!
I admit at the outset that I am not much of an aficionado of the romance genre, and apparently not when it's mixed with intrigue.
So my opinion here might be a bit jaded.
Cardello's craft is quite solid, and she knows how to tell a story.
My problem with this novel is that there is nothing - literally nothing - to Dominic Corisi that isn't contemptible, and so Abby's (eventual, I assume) submission to him would not be credible to me.
I gave this one a few chances after putting it down the first time, but ultimately, I came to the conclusion that I didn't care.
This could very well be the foreignness of the romance genre to me.
I'd also found the font distracting and difficult to read.
If you like fast-paced romance with a good story, this book is for you.
It is a good sound story that isn't too sweet or boring or "off-the-shelve".
It fast, funny, moving, romantic and in its own way unusual.
I enjoyed it alot.
Furthermore the characters are very likeable.
I really enjoyed reading this story.
Can't wait to read part 2.
The aurthor really did a great job, I will look for more ofher books.
Couldn't put it down, I finished it in one day.
For Love or Legacy is the 2nd book in Ruth Cardello's Legacy Trilogy; Nicole and Stefan provide plenty of sexual attraction and a deep seated longing for each other.
Stefan does not want to help Nicole; he hates himself for wanting her, and still loving her, but he cant help it.
These two are made for each other, and I didnt want the story to end.
Ruth Cardello is a star on the rise; her writing is clear, crisp and complex.
Her characters are not one-dimensional cardboard cut outs.
They are flawed humans, showing their vulnerabilities and strengths, all the while trying to keep their love for each other at bay.
I highly recommend For Love or Legacy!
You wont be sorry.
Going to read it again...
I picked this book because it was free... and I'm glad it was because I've found a new author.
It is August amazon... where is the follow up book????
If you can get it during the promotion time, GET IT!!!!
If you have to purchase it, buy it!
Just be aware of this...
I don't think this is a Kindle thing... there are little words missing and some words mispelled... if this is going to bug you... then get over it and read on!
This was a great read.
I have never read any books by Ruth Cardello, but it was free on Amazon, so i was like why not. i have started ready several new authors, since reading books i got for free on my kindle. i couldnt put it down. as soon as i finished i went back online to amazon to buy book 2, but was disappointed that it is not released yet.
Ruth Cardello now has a new fan!! :-) cant want for the release of book 2.
This is a great book, it shows money is not the answer to living, it helps along the way if you do not let it take over your life like Dominic Corisi has done.
The book is very well written, the love making builds up slowly and is worked for not taken for granted.
Abby is filling in for her sister as his maid when she encounters Dominic at the town house, he is withdrawn with the recent death of his father.
Abby sees a deep need for companionship and understanding in his sadness and also him being a hunk did not hurt the eyes.
They get off to a bad start, he sees her as a challenge.
She has no ideal how her kind attention will change her life and his.
A very good read, but the ending was left open leaving you wondering if there was more to the book and it got deleted.
As far as romance novels go, this one did deliver endearing characters and a surprisingly engaging plot.
I, like other reviewers, was disappointed that it wasn't a longer story - only disappointed because it was that enjoyable of a read.
There was some disappointment because there were some errors throughout the book.
It seemed like a final read-thru didn't catch small, but noticeable errors (i. e.
"She wiped a tear from her check...").
I also felt the initial sexual tension was a bit forced/rushed, but it was forgivable as the story moved along.
I'm looking forward to book 2.
This is a quick read that take a heated trip with Dominic Corisi & Abigail Dartley.
Abigail pretends to be her sister in her maid job and meets Dominic who falls for her fast and invites her on business trip.
This is short , heated story and the price was right !
Looking forward to Book 2: For love or Legacy (August, 2011) and Book 3: Bedding the Billionaire (Spring 2012)
I'm in love with Dominic and his macho attitude all the while melting for Abby.
Loved Abby and her spitfire attitude.
Awesome read could not put the book down.
This story reads as a typical romance but it has something that makes it interesting and keeps you reading.
There is some spice in it that took me on the ride.
There are some grammar mistakes and typos that could be easily corrected but nothing that will take you off the story.
At the end of the book though the things became a little too mushy and improbable trying to open book 2 and 3 of the series.
But as my title says this author has potential and as this is, I think, a first book I will keep an eye on her and read her next books.
This was a great book!
The author pulled you in and made you love and hate the characters.
While reading this book I found my self shocked, laughing, sad and happy and wanting to cry.
Great read!
I can not wait until the next books are out.
Dominic Corisi is a self-made billionaire who has family issues with his father, sister and mother that I won't go into here because I don't want to spoil the read for you; suffice it to say that there's a lot of pain there.
He returns to Boston for the reading of his father's will (which you find out in the first few pages, so I'm not spoiling anything by telling you this).
Dominic is a gorgeously sexy alpha male who can be ruthless and just as quickly show great vulnerability that you never would have expected, which makes him completely irresistible!
Abby is a straight-laced, play-it-safe woman who decides for once in her life to take a chance and give into her unexpected, rampant desire for Dominic.
They both complement each other beautifully and I was rooting for them all the way.
Their story is fun, sexy and Maid for the Billionaire is an altogether enjoyable read.
There was a lot going on at the end and it felt a bit rushed and a little too easy (resolution of a family issue), but knowing there were two more books to sort everything out, was reassuring.
This is the first book in the Legacy Collection by Ruth Cardello and I will definitely read the other two novels.
Book #2 is slated for August 2011--(can't wait).
I started reading this book not quite sure what to expect.
Or rather expecting it to be yet another Harlequin style romance, exactly like many I have purchased over the years.
I was pleasantly disappointed, both the story line and the characters much more than what I thought them to be.
Yes, Dominic is powerful and rich, dominant and arrogant.
Still, his struggle with his father, the memories of his mother and the less than perfect relationship with his sister Nicole make him human and compelling.
To my amazement I found myself actually liking him, which doesn't happen too often when I am confronted with yet another tycoon.'Abby is what I would call a girl-next-door, I wish I had for a neighbor.
She is smart, funny, and not afraid to say what she thinks.
She doesn't hesitate to lend a helping hand when needed.
The story starts with her helping out her sick sister, who is the actual maid.
The confusion and misunderstanding, as Dominic thinks her to be an ordered call girl, give it a nice, spicy beginning.
From there on it only gets better.
He falls for her wit, outspoken style and looks-though for once I am glad to find she looks like an actual person, not a supermodel.
The affair takes them to China, his business trip full of twists and turns.
I think that the author did a good job trying to describe their stay there, even touching on women' issues, which I found very refreshing.
I think that this book could have turned out boring and predictable, but it absolutely didn't.
I enjoyed it a lot and will definitely look for the next book in the saga.
This is a quick read that take a heated trip with Dominic Corisi & Abigail Dartley.
Abigail pretends to be her sister in her maid job and meets Dominic who falls for her fast and invites her on business trip.
This is short , heated story and the price was right !
Looking forward to Book 2: For love or Legacy (August, 2011) and Book 3: Bedding the Billionaire (Spring 2012)
I'm in love with Dominic and his macho attitude all the while melting for Abby.
Loved Abby and her spitfire attitude.
Awesome read could not put the book down.
This story reads as a typical romance but it has something that makes it interesting and keeps you reading.
There is some spice in it that took me on the ride.
There are some grammar mistakes and typos that could be easily corrected but nothing that will take you off the story.
At the end of the book though the things became a little too mushy and improbable trying to open book 2 and 3 of the series.
But as my title says this author has potential and as this is, I think, a first book I will keep an eye on her and read her next books.
This was a great book!
The author pulled you in and made you love and hate the characters.
While reading this book I found my self shocked, laughing, sad and happy and wanting to cry.
Great read!
I can not wait until the next books are out.
Dominic Corisi is a self-made billionaire who has family issues with his father, sister and mother that I won't go into here because I don't want to spoil the read for you; suffice it to say that there's a lot of pain there.
He returns to Boston for the reading of his father's will (which you find out in the first few pages, so I'm not spoiling anything by telling you this).
Dominic is a gorgeously sexy alpha male who can be ruthless and just as quickly show great vulnerability that you never would have expected, which makes him completely irresistible!
Abby is a straight-laced, play-it-safe woman who decides for once in her life to take a chance and give into her unexpected, rampant desire for Dominic.
They both complement each other beautifully and I was rooting for them all the way.
Their story is fun, sexy and Maid for the Billionaire is an altogether enjoyable read.
There was a lot going on at the end and it felt a bit rushed and a little too easy (resolution of a family issue), but knowing there were two more books to sort everything out, was reassuring.
This is the first book in the Legacy Collection by Ruth Cardello and I will definitely read the other two novels.
Book #2 is slated for August 2011--(can't wait).
I started reading this book not quite sure what to expect.
Or rather expecting it to be yet another Harlequin style romance, exactly like many I have purchased over the years.
I was pleasantly disappointed, both the story line and the characters much more than what I thought them to be.
Yes, Dominic is powerful and rich, dominant and arrogant.
Still, his struggle with his father, the memories of his mother and the less than perfect relationship with his sister Nicole make him human and compelling.
To my amazement I found myself actually liking him, which doesn't happen too often when I am confronted with yet another tycoon.'Abby is what I would call a girl-next-door, I wish I had for a neighbor.
She is smart, funny, and not afraid to say what she thinks.
She doesn't hesitate to lend a helping hand when needed.
The story starts with her helping out her sick sister, who is the actual maid.
The confusion and misunderstanding, as Dominic thinks her to be an ordered call girl, give it a nice, spicy beginning.
From there on it only gets better.
He falls for her wit, outspoken style and looks-though for once I am glad to find she looks like an actual person, not a supermodel.
The affair takes them to China, his business trip full of twists and turns.
I think that the author did a good job trying to describe their stay there, even touching on women' issues, which I found very refreshing.
I think that this book could have turned out boring and predictable, but it absolutely didn't.
I enjoyed it a lot and will definitely look for the next book in the saga.
This book was outstanding!
I didn't have high expectations considering it was free, but this book captivated me from the first page.
I couldn't put it down!
The characters are real and believable.
The storyline is not predictable and keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time.
I have not read this good of a book in a long time.
I'm not one that normally does reviews but this book was so good, I had to.
Now I am anxiously awaiting the next book in the series.
When my best friend and coworker started reading this book on her ipad she called me right off and told me I had to get it.
She gave me a mini description of how the book was playing out.
Started reading it and could barely put it down.
Such a light story with strong characters.
In turn I finished it before her.
Have already put the next books on my wish list waiting for release dates!!!
Great summer read!
I really enjoyed reading this book!
I cant wait for the next one in the series!
Maid for the Billionaire fell into my lap while looking for something to download before a day at the pool and, I'm really glad it did!
This is a bit of a stretch but it is good.
It takes you thru the life of a very rich person who doesn't trust many people and orders them around mostly.
He meets his match.
Abby a middle school teacher in Boston, who will not be bought or intimidated by him.
She sees more in him then he thinks she does.
It is a story of passion and lust and the true love they do find.
This book was a very good, quick read.
I started the book during my lunch break on the treadmill and finished it after we put the kids to bed the same day.
It was an interesting, easy and perfect summer read.
There were a handful of grammatical errors that I noticed (which drive me nuts) but overall, a good book and I would recommend it to others.
I have been tring to get into reading more as a pasttime, and this is one to the first books i've read.
Usually I find it hard to stay interested in a book But let me tell you not with this one!
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this book!!!
I finished it in no time!
Now I'm tring hard to find the follow up to it!
So if anyone knows where to find it PLEASE let me know!
So far NO luck!!
This was a great book.
Characters were compelling and interesting.
Did not put down until finished.
Was very dissappointed when it ended and went immediately to internet to download second book if there was one.
I was so disappointed to find out the book wasnt out yet.
I even looked to see if I could preorder it.
I can hardly wait until August.
I started reading this around Midnight to try to go to sleep...
It backfired!
By 6am I had read the whole book.
I just wish Book 2 would come out soon!!
I wonderful read.
Awesome!
I couldn't put it down.
I can't wait for the sequel next month!
You won't be disappointed when you this book.
Not so predictible fairytale romantic...
An enjoyable read.... had to finish in one setting... looking foward to Lil/Jake & Nicole/Stephan books...
This first book was free... and I am willing to buy the next two ...
I enjoyed reading this book but I don't consider it 5 star material.
It is full of cheesy-ness but it provided me with a quick light read.
It's one of those books that you completely forget details about in a couple weeks, but as I said, I don't regret reading it (especially since it was free!).
I will probably read the rest of this series at free or $0.99 but I wouldn't pay more than that.
If you like chick lit -the strong heroine that saves the day against all odds- and romantic clichés and are looking for a way to spend a couple hours, you will enjoy this read.
And you can't beat the price!
Got this for free.
It isent bad at all.
I really enjoyed it and am looking forward to reading the next one.
I almost didnt read because of some of the reviews.
Alot of people said the story in unbelievable.
People it's fction, it's supposed to be far-fetched.
For a free read or even .99 cents its worth it.
Another story that I love and is sorta like this one is gena Showalter's-Animal Instincts, This an excellent read as well.
I must have hit a wrong key and found this book on my Kindle.
I went ahead and read it and found it enjoyable.
It is a great book to take out to the pool or the beach.
Entertaining without being too deep.
It would make a great soap opera with the exotic settings and character descriptions.
Although this could easily be seen as another cheesy cinderella-esque story, the author really did a good job at keeping the story flowing and made it fun to read.
This book is great for a relaxing afternoon and you can't beat the price!
Picked this because it was Free and ended up liking it more than many of the books I've paid for.
I will be purchasing the next one in the series for sure.
I have only good things to say about this story and reccomend it to anyone looking for a romance with a plot and mild love scenes.
The characters were likeable and the plot moved along at a steady pace.
I look forward to the next installment in the series.
I did not think that I would like this book, but is was so good that I read it in one sitting.
The pace of the book is very quick but the story is really developed.
You will enjoy this book.
Pure guilty pleasure!
Romantic fantasy, international business, family issues, sex.... just a fun read.
I didn't give it 5 stars owing to the ending.
It felt flat, forced, and too tame and uninteresting for the tone of the rest of the book.
I'm looking forward to her next one.
Enjoy!
I always made fun of the romance novels.
But when I saw this book I had to give it a shot.
I enjoyed the twists to the story.
I think it keeps the reader informed.
The ending was a little "And they all lived happily ever after" but I'm really interested in the development of the two sisters in the next two books.
This was an easy read and keeps you interested.
I did thoroughly enjoy this book but wanted more closure at the end.
But hopefully that will be resolved with book 2.
This is a great story and will be even greater when the rest of the books are published so the story can continue.
Yes, it is an adventure romance... with a touch of danger, a touch of sex, a touch of business intrigue and a great set of characters.
The formatting was a problem for me... the font used in this book was not comfortable to read on my Kindle.
There were words incorrectly spelled and spaces in the pages and the words... distracting patterns down the pages... white space that made reading those pages a chore... instead of a smooth reading experience.
I hope the formatting is fixed, otherwise, I'd not bother reading any more of the books...
I want to enjoy reading, not have to work at it.
Strong women characters and well paced action make this Cinderella story a fun, quick read with a few surprises.
It misses a 5th star because of a somewhat faltering ending.
Read it and see if you agree.
I can't remember the last time I read a romance story.
I gave this one ago despite of the cheesy title.
I really enjoyed the book.
I was giggling on the train reading the character's twist and turns and almost teary at the end.
The story is more complex than just a pure romance book.
Thank you.
I really enjoyed this book, it was just what I needed to brighten my day.
I was in the mood to read a pleasant little romance and that is exactly what I got... plus more.
The intrusion of a complex business deal, where no one knew for sure who was friend, who was enemy, what was going on behind the scenes, added a more interesting story than your average romance.
The story was not realistic, but a cute modern fairy tale about a Cinderella who decides to rise above her fears and need for control, to spread her wings and discover a more enchanting person than even she knew was in there.
Don't you just love it when that happens... no, never happened to me either.
Ms. Cardello is a talented, promising author and her characters were well-drawn and sympathetic, the dialogue witty, and the plot well-executed, but too short and too soon ended.
I always made fun of the romance novels.
But when I saw this book I had to give it a shot.
I enjoyed the twists to the story.
I think it keeps the reader informed.
The ending was a little "And they all lived happily ever after" but I'm really interested in the development of the two sisters in the next two books.
This was an easy read and keeps you interested.
I did thoroughly enjoy this book but wanted more closure at the end.
But hopefully that will be resolved with book 2.
This is a great story and will be even greater when the rest of the books are published so the story can continue.
Yes, it is an adventure romance... with a touch of danger, a touch of sex, a touch of business intrigue and a great set of characters.
The formatting was a problem for me... the font used in this book was not comfortable to read on my Kindle.
There were words incorrectly spelled and spaces in the pages and the words... distracting patterns down the pages... white space that made reading those pages a chore... instead of a smooth reading experience.
I hope the formatting is fixed, otherwise, I'd not bother reading any more of the books...
I want to enjoy reading, not have to work at it.
Strong women characters and well paced action make this Cinderella story a fun, quick read with a few surprises.
It misses a 5th star because of a somewhat faltering ending.
Read it and see if you agree.
I can't remember the last time I read a romance story.
I gave this one ago despite of the cheesy title.
I really enjoyed the book.
I was giggling on the train reading the character's twist and turns and almost teary at the end.
The story is more complex than just a pure romance book.
Thank you.
I really enjoyed this book, it was just what I needed to brighten my day.
I was in the mood to read a pleasant little romance and that is exactly what I got... plus more.
The intrusion of a complex business deal, where no one knew for sure who was friend, who was enemy, what was going on behind the scenes, added a more interesting story than your average romance.
The story was not realistic, but a cute modern fairy tale about a Cinderella who decides to rise above her fears and need for control, to spread her wings and discover a more enchanting person than even she knew was in there.
Don't you just love it when that happens... no, never happened to me either.
Ms. Cardello is a talented, promising author and her characters were well-drawn and sympathetic, the dialogue witty, and the plot well-executed, but too short and too soon ended.
Great book!
I love the story because of the character of Dominic who was an arrogant man and yet Abby was able to get to him breaking his arrogance, funny , interesting.
Although a few typos.
Overall great story.
Haha who would have thought in the end Jake would end up liking Lil!
I wanted a quick little pick me up and this worked wonderfully.
I enjoyed the story, the characters and the romance of course!
There was a bit of confusion for me with the Books 1,2,3- I assumed they were all in this one.
To my dismay, Books 2 and 3 have not been published yet.
I was also a little taken aback by the font.
But those are just picky things.
The book was a fun read and loved the characters.
Not bad, sometimes you see a lot of good reviews and then when you read it's nothing like the raving reviews but I can honestly say it wasn't bad for me.
I have to say though I was a little disappointed because I thought there would be 3 stories in one, as that's what's advertise, but it's actually book 1, book 2 & 3 are pending.
Dominic is the poor little rich boy with family issues, Abby is the glue that is keeping her little small family together.
At a chance meeting where Abby was cleaning Dominic's apartment for her sister Lil, Dominic found her there and the story took off from there.
This read for me was a little Iike a Harlequin book read which I have no problem with it just seems similar.
I'm a little eager to read Nicole's story, she is the sister of Dominic, her story seems juicy.************
I am so glad that I got this book for free as this was a terrible story.
I do appreciate books that can "take" me to another world but this story line and the characters were absolutely unbelievable.
Plus, Dominic was such a hard character to like.
I think if I want the cheap romance reads again, I will stick with something like Raeanne Thayne's Dancing in the Moonlight.
I am so glad that I got this book for free as this was a terrible story.
I do appreciate books that can "take" me to another world but this story line and the characters were absolutely unbelievable.
Plus, Dominic was such a hard character to like.
I think if I want the cheap romance reads again, I will stick with something like Raeanne Thayne's Dancing in the Moonlight.
Poorly written, don't bother reading it.
Seems like it was written by a 16yr old.
The story line is not believable.
What.
A. Mess.
I wanted to stop reading at 7% but I hate not finishing what I start so I had to see this one through to the end.
It is so unbelievably unrealistic that I often found myself thinking "WTF?!"
They're saying "I love you" and want to get married after just ONE WEEK???
Unfreakingbelievable.
I realize that reading is a way of escaping into another world & being caught up in somebody else's stories of love, heartbreak, misery, happiness, etc.
BUT I can't even justify the craziness of this book.
It tried to encompass too many of today's popular story lines and had no real direction.
Thank God this was free b/c I'd be super pissed if I spent money on this.
It ends at 90%, which normally would tick me off but in this case I couldn't be happier.
I read the description and thought that it could be an easy and fun read.
I didn't expected to be emotional or have any deep meaning, just something fun to read to pass the time.
The title of the book said a lot, so I had a feeling that the will be some over the top scenes.
But it was blown way out of proportions.
Author attempt to create some fairy tale-ish situations ended up sounding so unrealistic, cheesy and uninteresting.
Everything was moving so fast, it was hart to follow.
The beginning had a nice pace, but towards the end there was too many thing happening at the same time.
Next thing you know the heroine is trying to save the world, secretly meeting with some most influential people, making some secret deals...
What a nonsense.
Did not like it.
If you feel like a reading a book of fifth grade level then this is your book.
I had purchased this book because it was part of a series and I was looking for another good series to read... boy was I wrong to pick this one!
I finished the book because I have to finish anything I read, but my God was it torture to do so.
The storyline is just so unrealistic due to lack of story and character development.
I understand it's a romance novel, but at least pretend to put some type of effort into writing a interesting story.
Keeps you wondering what will happen next.
I can't wait to meet the other characters in the rest of this series
Just finished "Maid for the Billionaire" book 1 - and absolutely loved it!
The characters are great - and I just couldn't put it down.
I'm thrilled it is a series, so I immediately downloaded book 2 to enjoy also!
This is the first book I have read by Ruth, and am totally hooked now.
Very good book, fast reading, you don't want to put it down once you start reading it.
Looking forward to more stories
VERY good book.
As soon as I started reading it, I was hooked - couldn't put it down.
Quick read, have already downloaded the next 2 in the series...
This was an incredibly sexy book.
I am so hooked on steamy romance and this one fits the bill!
I will be buying the next (book 2) in the Legacy Collection right now!
I read this on one day.
It was a really good book.
It started out a little slow for me, but quickly turned around.
Now, I want to read the next one.
Great book.
Couldn't put it down. can't wait to see how the romances work out between all the couples.
Wonderful reading
Maid for the Billionaire: Great for a romance book.
These books don't last very long and i wouldn't read it twice.
But it is written well.
Good for a long bus ride.
This was a really good and easy read.
Loved the beginning of the story and cannot wait to get on with the continuation in the next books!
Short and sweet.. this book gave me a feeling of being satisfied.
Ruth Cardello words captured my attention and made my journey on the train worthwhile
Really liked this book.
I loved the story and the characters.
I am a romantic so a good love story is my favorite.
I liked this book so much I purchase the book 2 & Book 3.
I have begun reading Book 2 and I can tell that book 2 is going to be just as good as Maid for the Billionaire.
Only problem I had was the book ended.
I enjoyed reading this book.
The characters were great especially Dominic and Abby.
I Will be reading the next book
A nice story line with some suspense not to long but very enjoyable.
Will probably read the other characters stories too.
These two stars are for the author's writing ability (average) and storytelling ability (good ideas-but needs more development).
I don't think that free books on Amazon should not be given 4-5 stars simply because they're free.
I try to judge books for the writing and content.
I was excited to read this book and had high hopes.
It has a slightly different twist on a modern day Cinderella tale.
This actual story had GREAT potential, unfortunately it fell short in several areas.
The thing that bothered me most is this: although the characters had different names, I felt as though I'd read this story before... many, many times.
The author's ability to put a new spin on the "man meets woman storyline" needs some work.
Characters fell flat and did things that were so implausible, it was difficult for me to forgive.
Her writing style is underdeveloped.
Her wording was nothing beyond typical and seems to lack any individual technique that she can call her own; consequently, I felt her wording was downright overused.
Now, I'm no book critic and not a writer myself, but I'm old (40), an avid reader, an English teacher and I've "been around the block" when it comes to this genre.
Sigh.
I'm only one person, so maybe I'm way off.
I have hopes that she'll improve and write more because even after all that, I did like Abigail Dartley.
When I started reading this book I really liked it.
I recommmemded it to a few different co-workers.
It was very addicting, and I wanted to know what was going to happen next with the two main characters.
There chemestry was very intense and I really enjoyed that Abby wouldn't let herself be bossed around by Dominic.
I am all about strong female characters in the books.
But as I started to go deeper and deeper I quickly started to get disappointed.
It took a wild twist, first that whole trip to China threw me off.
Then one of China's most "powerful women" tricks Abby into forcing pretty much one of the riches man in the world to who is not only rich but really smart into sighing over 10% of his yearly earnings for scholarsips for low income woman in China.
Then my favorite part.
Dominic kidnaps Abby and goes in his private plane with 10 rooms, kitchen, gym and a hot tub, then proposes marrige, meets his long last mother that has been missing for 15 years and now the mother is in love with His deceased father's attorney.
And it gets better.
Jake, who is Dominic's assistant is showing interest in Abby's sister who is a single mother.
And he has a phobia for babies.
And it ended with Dominic's assistant and mother planning their soon to be nuptials.
The whole story was very tacky, I get the happily ever after.
But really, this isn't Cinderrela.
All that was missing was the punkin carrige.
Good begging, Terrible ending.
Really liked this book.
I loved the story and the characters.
I am a romantic so a good love story is my favorite.
I liked this book so much I purchase the book 2 & Book 3.
I have begun reading Book 2 and I can tell that book 2 is going to be just as good as Maid for the Billionaire.
Only problem I had was the book ended.
I enjoyed reading this book.
The characters were great especially Dominic and Abby.
I Will be reading the next book
A nice story line with some suspense not to long but very enjoyable.
Will probably read the other characters stories too.
These two stars are for the author's writing ability (average) and storytelling ability (good ideas-but needs more development).
I don't think that free books on Amazon should not be given 4-5 stars simply because they're free.
I try to judge books for the writing and content.
I was excited to read this book and had high hopes.
It has a slightly different twist on a modern day Cinderella tale.
This actual story had GREAT potential, unfortunately it fell short in several areas.
The thing that bothered me most is this: although the characters had different names, I felt as though I'd read this story before... many, many times.
The author's ability to put a new spin on the "man meets woman storyline" needs some work.
Characters fell flat and did things that were so implausible, it was difficult for me to forgive.
Her writing style is underdeveloped.
Her wording was nothing beyond typical and seems to lack any individual technique that she can call her own; consequently, I felt her wording was downright overused.
Now, I'm no book critic and not a writer myself, but I'm old (40), an avid reader, an English teacher and I've "been around the block" when it comes to this genre.
Sigh.
I'm only one person, so maybe I'm way off.
I have hopes that she'll improve and write more because even after all that, I did like Abigail Dartley.
When I started reading this book I really liked it.
I recommmemded it to a few different co-workers.
It was very addicting, and I wanted to know what was going to happen next with the two main characters.
There chemestry was very intense and I really enjoyed that Abby wouldn't let herself be bossed around by Dominic.
I am all about strong female characters in the books.
But as I started to go deeper and deeper I quickly started to get disappointed.
It took a wild twist, first that whole trip to China threw me off.
Then one of China's most "powerful women" tricks Abby into forcing pretty much one of the riches man in the world to who is not only rich but really smart into sighing over 10% of his yearly earnings for scholarsips for low income woman in China.
Then my favorite part.
Dominic kidnaps Abby and goes in his private plane with 10 rooms, kitchen, gym and a hot tub, then proposes marrige, meets his long last mother that has been missing for 15 years and now the mother is in love with His deceased father's attorney.
And it gets better.
Jake, who is Dominic's assistant is showing interest in Abby's sister who is a single mother.
And he has a phobia for babies.
And it ended with Dominic's assistant and mother planning their soon to be nuptials.
The whole story was very tacky, I get the happily ever after.
But really, this isn't Cinderrela.
All that was missing was the punkin carrige.
Good begging, Terrible ending.
I have to admit that I thought of Pretty Woman several times throughout also.
The story is unbelievable... i don't know of any human woman that can climax three times in about 10 minutes:o Is it physically possible?
ANd who in their right mind would fly off to Beijing with a stranger that you met the day before just for fun???
But i did read the entire thing and it was an ok read, just not very believable.
Character development was definately weak.
But for free, it was entertaining and not too bad.- I thought of pretty woman too! but the "maid' idea is a nice twist!!
Who doesn't fantasize about their maid - for those of us who can actually afford one! lol
The book was pretty good, but I thought the author must have been having his own sexual experience while writing this book.
There was too much detail in the sexual exchange between them.
I would be further intrigued by what was going to happen between nichole, Dominic and the mother.
Also about the intrigue between the two rivals and how that was resolved.
I wouldn't reccomend this book for the sexual content.
This is my humble opinion.
I have never left a review before, but this book was far fetched and it took me weeks to read it.
Unlike most books, I can read in a few days.
It ended so abruptly, I had to flip back to see if I had missed something.
It wasn't a bad book, just not a really good one either.
Don't think I will be getting the second book.
Maybe I'm just bored of romance novels since I rarely read them, but this one was a little bit too predictable.
The billionaire's transformation was incredibe...
But never underestimate the power of True Love right!
Especially when True Love has a cute butt!
Anyway, there was a lot of hot passionate sex, and a lot of very sexist talk, and a lot of whimpering from the female (strong character?).
I gave it 3 stars because it was free, and it was entertaining in that it taxes your brain nothing to keep up with the story.
The characters were fully developed, but I agree with the reviewer who says everyone got a happy ending at the end, which is true...
And utterly ridiculous.
But the whole story was a bit ridiculous.
This is the first book I read by Ruth Cardello.
I stopped reading this book at chapter 5 because it just didn't grab my interest & I thought the main character Dominic was a jerk.
I don't think this is worth reading even though its free.
OK, I'm not even a quarter through this book and it's rediculous.
I could write better than this.
I read all of the reviews about how great this series is and am wondering how old the people reading it are.
A maid is cleaning an apartment and the owner walks in and the next thing you know they are kissing?
What is this, a porno channel?
Then she can't do it and runs out the door.
This makes the guy do a background check and send a limo to her house so she can attend the reading of the will of his billionair father who just died.
Are you kidding me?
Ugh......... sorry, this is just terrible!
Good reading.
Will read her other books.
Would recommend this book.
Would read it over and over again.
A good romance writer.
MAID FOR MILLIONAIRE IF YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT THIS BOOK IS ABOUT HERE YOU GO50 SHADES MAID FOR MILLONAIRE-COCKY RICH GUY -COCKY RICH GUY-INNOCENT SWEET GIRL -INNOCENT SWEET GIRL-SEX - SEX-BREAK UPS -BREAK UPS-HE FOLLOWS HER - HE FOLLOWS HER-FALLS IN LOVE - FALLS IN LOVEIF YOU READ 50 SHADES THEN YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT THIS IS ABOUT BEFORE YOU EVEN START ONLY DIFFERENCE IS NO BDSM
I am rather shocked at how many people have reviewed this book so favorably.
I love a good fluffy romance, but this was just a continuous cycle of cliches.
The plot and the international drama they encounter were barely plausible.
Everything was tied up in a neat, little ridiculous bow at the end.
I knew this was a short book but the falling in love in 3 days was farfetched indeed.
Abby was likeable in the beginning but quickly became annoying.
Too cutesy and she needed a lot of attention.
Her know it all personality also became too much.
Again, there can be just enough plot to go around with thousands of authors - published and unpublished - so the familiar plot is not much of an issue.
It is WHEN the event becomes so predictable that the story becomes a waste to read.
This book could be OK because although the events never surprised me I like how the heroine had spine, most of the time.
HOWEVER, I have a bone to pick with the book and any other book of the same kind.
It's hard for me to get in a story where the author has to put the heroine in a CINDERILLA transformation, where the heroine "barely recognize herself" to quote the book.
That in itself lost the REAL romance in the story because I would have loved a HEA to be based on the real characters and not after they are TRANSFORMED.
I would rather that their transformation would be a character development rather than sudden/one-time outward appearance transformation.
Also, sudden attraction is not so impossible.
It is the can't-think-because-my-mind-is-in-lust that is so lame.
But then again, as I watch the reviews, it's to each his own.
It's more like a 2.5 star to me because I don't really hate the book but I really cant say I like it after I finished the story.
There was a nice romance and some great humor.
This is definitely not my favorite,however,it did hold my interest I wouldn't recommend as an auto buy unless it is free of charge.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
The characters and the conflicts kept me enthralled, wondering what would happen next.
Kept my attention so much, I finished it in a few hours!
Started out with intrigue and continued to spin with describing attraction between Abby and Dominic and the changes that took place along with emotion.
I really enjoyed reading.
The characters were interesting but not very realistic.
There were lapses in the storyline that did not connect when they came up again.
I knew this was a short book but the falling in love in 3 days was farfetched indeed.
Abby was likeable in the beginning but quickly became annoying.
Too cutesy and she needed a lot of attention.
Her know it all personality also became too much.
Again, there can be just enough plot to go around with thousands of authors - published and unpublished - so the familiar plot is not much of an issue.
It is WHEN the event becomes so predictable that the story becomes a waste to read.
This book could be OK because although the events never surprised me I like how the heroine had spine, most of the time.
HOWEVER, I have a bone to pick with the book and any other book of the same kind.
It's hard for me to get in a story where the author has to put the heroine in a CINDERILLA transformation, where the heroine "barely recognize herself" to quote the book.
That in itself lost the REAL romance in the story because I would have loved a HEA to be based on the real characters and not after they are TRANSFORMED.
I would rather that their transformation would be a character development rather than sudden/one-time outward appearance transformation.
Also, sudden attraction is not so impossible.
It is the can't-think-because-my-mind-is-in-lust that is so lame.
But then again, as I watch the reviews, it's to each his own.
It's more like a 2.5 star to me because I don't really hate the book but I really cant say I like it after I finished the story.
There was a nice romance and some great humor.
This is definitely not my favorite,however,it did hold my interest I wouldn't recommend as an auto buy unless it is free of charge.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
The characters and the conflicts kept me enthralled, wondering what would happen next.
Kept my attention so much, I finished it in a few hours!
Started out with intrigue and continued to spin with describing attraction between Abby and Dominic and the changes that took place along with emotion.
I really enjoyed reading.
The characters were interesting but not very realistic.
There were lapses in the storyline that did not connect when they came up again.
Love the story line.
I couldn't put the book down.
Can't wait to read the other books from the legacy collection.
It's you basic romance novel... boy meets girl, fall in love, and go through things together.
Will they make it?
I liked that this was a quick, and easy read.
Thought it was good but not great.
It was almost predictable.
I will read the series when they r free
Cute story.
Dom falls in love with the surprise heroine.
Great storyline of love, struggle, suspense, and global issues.
Look forward to the rest of the series
Maid for the Billionaire is a quirky yet fun romance where a maid is not who she seems and the billionaire is much more than a girl could dream.
This book wasn't what I expected when I ordered it for my Kindle.
If you want a quick romance this is your book otherwise I would skip it.
Easy read.
Scrappy characters and good story line.
The China trip and the visit to the gardens helped take the reader to new experiences.
This book had some romance but it was overpowered by the aspect of company business.
The romance in the storyline seem to become secondary.
Also the conflict between the two main characters was like continual ping pong.
It was a repeat of the same thing over and over without the spice of romance, just sex.
Because she fell in love with him after one week with no romancing on his part, then accompanied him to China after knowing him for just one day was really unbelievable to me, which took away from the book.
This e-book was good but I really couldn't get into it very well.. the plot was good but I just wanted more about the story...
A fun book that holds my interest while showing the differences between the rich and middle income bracket.
Would have been just as interesting without the sex scenes.
Dottiek
I was ready for a cheesy romance but was pleasantly surprised.
Yes it had the details of eroticism but the storyline was intriguing and sometimes kept me oh the edge of my seat.
I enjoyed the suspense of the storyline so much that I bought & read ALL of the subsequent books in this Legacy Collection series.
I love this story it's not the same as all the other books out now.
Quick red that keeps you enticed the whole time and wanting more.
Though I felt that the relationship moved at lightening speed, I was immediately drawn in.
The feelings that are shared between these two make you believe the intensity that speeds up their relationship.
I look forward to the next books.
Great book!
Every womens dream is to b kidnapped and loved by a beautiful rich man!!
All my dreams come true!
When you pick this book up you will not want to put it down!
Strong women for strong men, with romance attached.
Wonderful story.
I enjoyed it though its the VERY common possessive billionaire wanting a strong minded simple woman.
I will probably continue the series once I finished with all my other books.
Good rags to riches storyLook forward to the next story in the series and the other relationships that will also blossom
Maid for the billionaire was an enjoyable book to read.
It had twists and turns that kept you reading.
Good book.
I guess you could call the book light-hearted romance.
Nothing surprising, same old cliche.
Lonely, money and power driven billionaire meets schoolteacher with a heart of gold.
She calms him so that he does not want to kill quite so many people.
His father was abusive, his mother disappeared when he was 15.
Dominic always thought his father killed her.
Now his father is dead.
His sister is estranged.
His software deal with China is being threatened.
It's not as bad as some, but I am still not sure why I bothered.
We are back to fairytales.
I can't remember the last time I literally laughed out loud at a book.
This was a charming story in many ways and better written than the vast majority of the romance novels available.
There was a bit of a rush to get the main characters together and tie up loose ends.
I think that could have been drawn out a little better.
But overall this was an enjoyable read, tickled my funny bone and touched my heart.
Well done.
This was an all-around good read.
A definite love story with some hot and steamy goodness.
I highly recommend.
2 thumb up.
I enjoyed reading this book even though he was controlling.
When you find someone rich like that, they usually want their own way and in the end usually get it.
It depends on how much character the author gives the woman in the relationship.
In this one he had to work hard for the end result of forever.
It was a back and forth for both of them but that is what makes the story.
Fun and entertaining - this plot seems to be very popular with several authors.... almost a case of "been there - done that."Light reading for leisure time.
Mom
Nick and Abby meet each other under unfortunate and unfavorable circumstances, but it is what occurs during an international business trip and shortly after that defines who they are and their relationship to one another..
I guess you could call the book light-hearted romance.
Nothing surprising, same old cliche.
Lonely, money and power driven billionaire meets schoolteacher with a heart of gold.
She calms him so that he does not want to kill quite so many people.
His father was abusive, his mother disappeared when he was 15.
Dominic always thought his father killed her.
Now his father is dead.
His sister is estranged.
His software deal with China is being threatened.
It's not as bad as some, but I am still not sure why I bothered.
We are back to fairytales.
I can't remember the last time I literally laughed out loud at a book.
This was a charming story in many ways and better written than the vast majority of the romance novels available.
There was a bit of a rush to get the main characters together and tie up loose ends.
I think that could have been drawn out a little better.
But overall this was an enjoyable read, tickled my funny bone and touched my heart.
Well done.
This was an all-around good read.
A definite love story with some hot and steamy goodness.
I highly recommend.
2 thumb up.
I enjoyed reading this book even though he was controlling.
When you find someone rich like that, they usually want their own way and in the end usually get it.
It depends on how much character the author gives the woman in the relationship.
In this one he had to work hard for the end result of forever.
It was a back and forth for both of them but that is what makes the story.
Fun and entertaining - this plot seems to be very popular with several authors.... almost a case of "been there - done that."Light reading for leisure time.
Mom
Nick and Abby meet each other under unfortunate and unfavorable circumstances, but it is what occurs during an international business trip and shortly after that defines who they are and their relationship to one another..
Very good BOOK.
I read it all in one sitting.
I Can't wait to read the next in the series.
Highly fictional love story, but if you're looking for an escape from reality, it's an easy read.
I enjoyed it, and am looking forward to additional books in this series.
You will enjoy the book more if you know exactly what you're reading prior to starting it, so be prepared for unrealistic.
I loved every page in this book.
Can't wait to read the other follow up stories.
Highly recommended.
I would read it again.
I like this book just because you have money doesn't mean you don't have to use your manners and when he finds someone who shows him what he is missing he doesn't want to let go
I found the story from start to finish had me into it, good story linesome very good writing.
Thanks
It was an easy read, I didn't dislike it but I didn't love it.
The title kinda said it all
Couldn't put the book down!
I was hooked from the beginning.
Not what I expected, but turned out much better!
I wish it was longer because I just love her characters but I'm mad that we didn't really get to see the fun side of their relationship til the end and I wish it was more intense.
A great quick read.
I loved the spicy if somewhat complicated relationship between abby and dominic.
My only sore point was that close to the end i felt their relationship leapt a little too far and a little to fast.
I would have liked a few more chapters before they jumped straight to marriage.
Very well written, great storyline.
I read the book in 2 days.
It kept me interested till the end.
Probably will read the other's.
This book was amazing !
Dom and Abby were made for each other from the beginning and it shows throughout the entire book!
Where are the other books?!
Loved it!
Love seeing Abby not get bullied by money and helping Dom understand th at not everyone is afraid of him.
It kept my interest .
The booked was easy reading.
I would recommend it to my friends and family.
Great book.
Easy read, I liked it!
I would like to read more of her books.
It was a good storyline, maybe a little more in depth would be nice.
Story line was short and predictable.
Not enough substance.
I read most of the story in a day.
It was just ok
It was a good story, not the best, but decent and helped to past the time.
So I liked it.
It's a good book!
Eagerly waiting for many more books from the same author.
Will complete the series as soon as possible
Some fluff, but I liked the book better than I expected from the title and the first chapter.
I plan to get the rest of the series.
A great story I just had to finish.
I'm looking forward to the next part of the series.
Must read!
Loved it until the ending when the juicy parts, should have been more of a fight in my opinionTop stories
I loved this book Maid for the BILLIONAIRE.
I gave it a 4 star rating.
LOVED the characters.
I couldn't put it down.
Look forward to reading the other books in this collection.
This is romance at it's best with an attractive alpha male and a woman who has her own mind about how she can help him in his business dealings.
Must read.
Fantastic book.
It keeps you interested all the way through the book.
I didn't want to put it down until I finished the book.
Very great book!
Could not put it down.
Can not wait yo read her other books!
Way to go Ruth
Nice easy light read.
Good for a rainy day.
There's enough plot to keep you drawn in and wanting to turn the page.
Could this happen in real life?
Most likely,not.
But that is what made it so fun to read.
Do so.
A great story !
Did not want to put the book down.
Can't wait to read second and third ones
This was a quick easy read for a rainy afternoon.
I enjoyed the book and will read the next of the series.
Easy to read and get caught up in the drama.
Looking forward to the next book to read in the collection
Maid for the Billionaire was an easy beach read!
It told of unexpected love with several twists before they really knew they loved each other.
The 2 main characters are totally different from each other thus the old saying opposites attract!
The story line and plot were good.
Some what reminded me of fifty shades of grey.
Probably will not read next books in the series.
Would rather read about Dom and Abby's marriage or something
This book is indeed very romantic and a must read for those who love to read romance.
I loved the book and the main characters are wonderful.
Their personalities are wonderful and the story is very well written... definitely a must read!!!
Another book that I enjoyed reading in my quite moments of relaxation and for the price well worth it.
Thanks
This was a first for this author.
I was very happy to see that the writing was A+ . . . looking forward to purchasing another.
Easy to read and get caught up in the drama.
Looking forward to the next book to read in the collection
Maid for the Billionaire was an easy beach read!
It told of unexpected love with several twists before they really knew they loved each other.
The 2 main characters are totally different from each other thus the old saying opposites attract!
The story line and plot were good.
Some what reminded me of fifty shades of grey.
Probably will not read next books in the series.
Would rather read about Dom and Abby's marriage or something
This book is indeed very romantic and a must read for those who love to read romance.
I loved the book and the main characters are wonderful.
Their personalities are wonderful and the story is very well written... definitely a must read!!!
Another book that I enjoyed reading in my quite moments of relaxation and for the price well worth it.
Thanks
This was a first for this author.
I was very happy to see that the writing was A+ . . . looking forward to purchasing another.
Strong sexy male and feisty female - smart dialogue.
Enjoyed this book and will read the others in the series.
This series is a fun read -- the complications made me smile and the characters are fun to follow.
The entire series is worth a "beach read."
I don.
T think this book was very realistic, as an real live.
But who knows how the rich movers and shakers live.
Loved this story.
I really laughed a lot and I can't wait to read the next books of this series.
It was free and I chose it, boy am I glad I dud!!
What a t as talented , entertaining author!
Loved thus story and can't wait to read the others
It was a cute story.
An easy read.
The ending was quick and blunted but set you up for the next book.
Great book...
Can't wait to read the next oneVery well written ...
Draws you right into it ...
A must read
this was the first time book thatI read from this author plus the book was free.
I found it it be to very a good read..
I laughand I found myself wanting to know more.
I will be readingmore from this author
I enjoyed the book but was a little predictable.
I would recommend to other romance enthusiasts for a wintery nights read.
I'm not normally a fan of romance novels but this one kept me reading.
The story, for the most part, was excellent.
However, I thought it fell a little flat in the final chapters.
It felt as if the author needed to wrap things up and it went a little hastily.
Almost like she needed to add some sort of event to drive a wedge in the main characters and the even she used didn't seem all that important or like it should've really mattered to the protag.
This book moved very fast and was somewhat unbelievable.
The story overall was an easy read but I wasn't that moved by the emotional scenes.
I wasn't very impressed... but I've read worse.
Very good book.
Very predictible dough.
It is good to read once.
If I'll have nothing alse to read I might continue the serie.
This was a really good book I love romance stories.
I couldn't put it down until I was finished.
Great reading!!!
I fully enjoyed Abby's strength.
I enjoyed meeting the characters and want to continue reading on about themI look forward to the next edition.
I enjoyed the book but was a little predictable.
I would recommend to other romance enthusiasts for a wintery nights read.
I'm not normally a fan of romance novels but this one kept me reading.
The story, for the most part, was excellent.
However, I thought it fell a little flat in the final chapters.
It felt as if the author needed to wrap things up and it went a little hastily.
Almost like she needed to add some sort of event to drive a wedge in the main characters and the even she used didn't seem all that important or like it should've really mattered to the protag.
This book moved very fast and was somewhat unbelievable.
The story overall was an easy read but I wasn't that moved by the emotional scenes.
I wasn't very impressed... but I've read worse.
Very good book.
Very predictible dough.
It is good to read once.
If I'll have nothing alse to read I might continue the serie.
This was a really good book I love romance stories.
I couldn't put it down until I was finished.
Great reading!!!
I fully enjoyed Abby's strength.
I enjoyed meeting the characters and want to continue reading on about themI look forward to the next edition.
A very interesting and exciting book.
Kept me interested clear through the story and so much more wanted.
It makes you want to know what else is going to happen to the characters.
I loved it.
This author is one of the best. i LOOK FOR MORE BOOKS BY THIS AUTHOR.
GREAT READING.
Who doesn't want to fall in love with a Billionaire?!?!?!
Wonderful and exciting!
If love can survive what this love has, they will continue!
On to the next book!
Held my interest until the end of thebook, excellent book.
Will recommend this book to others.
Will search for additional books by this author.
This book was well-developed and a pleasure to read.
I enjoyed reading about the main characters and their struggles.
The ending of the book made me cry when Dominic finally was reunited with...... (don't want to spoil).
I am looking forward to Book 2 of this Collection, which introduces us to Dominic's sister.
i got this to put on my kindle. i havent read this yet. i only read when i am on vacation
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.
It was filled with love surprise and family drama .
Issues that we all relate too.
This was a fairly good, light read.
The plot is typical and unsurprising, so are the characters.
Not bad.
Would recommend.
I wouldn't go as far as giving it 5 stars, but it was enjoyable.
A maid mixup.
And then some China thrown in;).
While the story felt too quick, it was a good read.
I feel like it could have been better if it were about 100 pages longer.
The story line isn't entirely believable, but I am not going to complain.
I do like that the stories carry on in other books that aren't necessary to be read in order.
Has the feel of a series and I prefer them to single books.
I love a good romance with a woman who can put an arrogant man in his place and make him eat out of her hand!
I really enjoyed this book.
It was my first read by this author but it won't be my last.
The hero was sexy and the story line was compelling.
I found it hard to put it down.
Love love love this series!
I enjoyed it so much... looked it up @Barnes and Noble... as I remember it... was unsuccessful in finding it there.. or any works from this particular writer... still LOVED THE SERIES!!! and loved her as a writer!!! she is a great writer with hardly a flaw!!!
It's a cute and easy book to read.
A good romance novel if you are looking for a quick and easy read.
Enjoy it very much!
Could not put it down till the end!
Are going to get the rest of the series as well!
this book is easy to read,very good, hard to put down, and you definately want to get Book 2 after reading this one,
This is the first book I have read that was written by Ruth Cardello and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I can't wait to read another one of her books.
I loved this book!
It's the crazy worldwind of a love story I have only dreamed about.
It would be amazing to experience this type of relationships to only hope one day it flourished into love & marriage..
I wasn't big on romance till I came across this.
For one who can turn down a free book, but you would be dumb to turn away from a great free book.
This book hooked me and I can't put it down till I'm through and wanting more.
Thanks Ruth cannot wait to read more of your wonderful books.
An easy review to write.
From the beginning this book will gravb you and holds you.
You hold your breath as our hero learns to love and trust again.
He learns a friens can break trust without betraying you.
The heroine has lessons to learn as well.
The most basic being you do not have to always in control and you can have fun without feeling guilty.
Enjoy, but be warned you'll be sorry when it ends and eager to start the next in the series.
Luck for you it is available now.
I have read Ruth's Billionaire series.
They are wonderful story.
Maid for the Billionaire is one of my favorites.
I recommend this book along with her others, you won't be disappointed
I love romance books and I was low on funds so I was downloading free books and Maid for the Billionaire was one of them.
I started reading the books and I fell in love with the book and the author.
Ruth Cardello is talented writer and she writes something different from what I use to read.
Once I finished reading this book I bought the rest of the series.
I love it.
She made me a fan.
I am a big Ruth Cardello fan now!!!
Great Books!!
Great storey lines.
Love how each book has ties to the previous one.
I enjoyed this book.
The book is a typical romance novel.
Boy meets girl, falls in lust with girl realizes that it is love...
There are some twists, which is why we continue to read romance novels, and it is not overly realistic, but for the romance lover, this is a great read.
The anticipation was grew with every turn of the page.
Enjoyed this book and looking forward the other books that follow with this story line.
This book was very boring and so predictable ....
It took me forever to finish but managed to get thru it.
excellent plot though a little rushed.. but still an excellent story for adults and people who believe in love at first sight.
I liked the books, I thought there could have been a little more detail and maybe getting to know the characters a little better but all in all it was good and worth the money for the series.
If you're looking for a fun escape from reality--this is it.
Loved the characters--especially our hot hero-story did run a bit long.
One of the best free reads I've downloaded.
Really enjoyed the quick moving story.
The ending left you hanging and wanting to get you right into the next one to see how it all turns out.
We would all like to meet a billionaire.
Some of us are just in the rigt place at the right time.
You get into the story very quickly and want to read more.
Pity other books in the series are so expensive.
Only read books one and two.
Come on Amazon ebooks do not need to be so expensive.
Lets reduce the price especially for all pensioners who are on a limited budget.
Good enough to read by the pool or on the beach.
Nothing great.
Story line too much of a stretch.
Could be better edited.
Someone was in a rush to get this out.
I would never pay full price for this one.
This book was exactly what the title indicated, I found it very interesting, romantic and would recommend it to lovers of romance novels.
Great book!
A quick and sexy read.
Good for those cold winter nights when you want an escape.
Looking forward to the next book in the series.
If you're looking for a fun escape from reality--this is it.
Loved the characters--especially our hot hero-story did run a bit long.
One of the best free reads I've downloaded.
Really enjoyed the quick moving story.
The ending left you hanging and wanting to get you right into the next one to see how it all turns out.
We would all like to meet a billionaire.
Some of us are just in the rigt place at the right time.
You get into the story very quickly and want to read more.
Pity other books in the series are so expensive.
Only read books one and two.
Come on Amazon ebooks do not need to be so expensive.
Lets reduce the price especially for all pensioners who are on a limited budget.
Good enough to read by the pool or on the beach.
Nothing great.
Story line too much of a stretch.
Could be better edited.
Someone was in a rush to get this out.
I would never pay full price for this one.
This book was exactly what the title indicated, I found it very interesting, romantic and would recommend it to lovers of romance novels.
Great book!
A quick and sexy read.
Good for those cold winter nights when you want an escape.
Looking forward to the next book in the series.
I liked this book.
I read all three books that are available now and enjoyed the first and third books the best.
The middle one was a lot of repetition of the first book.
This is a great romance.
I look forward to the other books in this series.
Ruth Cardello is a wonderful author.
Good reading.
The characters were interesting and you want to know more about them.
If only real life could be this way.
I am looking forward to the next books in this collection.
The story is captivating.
I could not put down my tablet until the book ended.
Entertaining from beginning to end.
I loved this book and would recommend it to any of my friends!
It kept my eyes glued to the book till I was done!
I could not stop reading this book.
I enjoyed reading about dom and abby I am really looking forward to book 2!!!!
I just love this book and the other two books.
It shows that women are taking control with their lives, and not afraid to show it.
Love it, love it.
This is a great way to start off a series. . .
Keeps the readers wanting more and coming back for more.
Very sweet story.
This was pretty much a whirl wind romance.
Kinda strange that Dom invited a stranger to hear his fathers will but whatever.
I did like that when there was a misunderstanding at the end that Abby let him have it.
Over an enjoyable read.
This book is very close to the Fifty shades series but without the depth of sexual detail.
Good romance novel.
I am onto book two.
Overall the book was great.
I wanted more to the end but it was good.
I can't wait to read the other books.
I enjoy families that control each other the old fashion way, it is enjoyable that love starts from families feud.
This was a very good story and lead me to continue to read the other stories in the series.
Would Definately recommend
laughter, tears and butterflies is all i feel when reading this book.
I literally couldn't wait to buy the second edition and when reading that i feel so happy with the decision to get it.
A really intriguing and fun book to have.
I enjoyed this book.
It was a good length but I still wished it was longer.
I was lucky enough to catch this book on Amazon for free.
I will try to read the other 2 books so I can see if Dominic and Abby's story continues in it.
It was a good story to read.
Had a little more to it than the average romance novel. good read definitely recommend. kept me on edge !
Like many others, I don't understand the 4 to 5 star rating...
After reading it, I STILL don't.
The story takes place in the time span of maybe 4 weeks max.
It gives new meaning to the term "suspend disbelief" in the actions of both the hero and heroine.
I will never understand how the author had a series... usually, the best one is the original or the first of the series in question.
None of the characters seem "real" or as "real" as a character could be in a romance novel.
(Abby borderlines a Mary-Sue... and Dominic might be a tv drama clone.)It's an okay story for a short free read on kindle... would I want to keep it if I was close to maxing out my kindle? no.
Great bookReally enjoyed this book and already on book 2 and looking forward to book 3Really good book
read on a cloudy day. easy to read. enjoyed the series. kept my interest while the men in my life watched football.
I liked the book, would purchase another by the same author.
I purchase and read mostly romance novels.
Received a Kindle for my birthday and have enjoyed purchasing books from Amazon.
Whrn i began reading i thought this book was going to be another typical, mushy romance.
To my surprise, It was total opposite.
Very good book.
Kept me hooked.
This book was fine.
Easy reading, perhaps a little too easy.
I would have preferred a bit more drama and mystery.
A very easy book to read with some story line.
Great for switching off and relaxing.
Not demanding or challenging.
Cheesy and predictable I had hoped it would get better but unfortunately it did not.
I know it is fiction but the author could have at least made it a little more realistic!
Before I purchased this book, I read through every review there was at the time.
With such a mixed opinion about the book, I was a bit dubious about reading it.
Nevertheless, I gave it a go.
I have to admit, it did take me a while to get into the book, and I practically had to force myself to continue.
I kept thinking...'It will get better'.
And it did.
It moved from agonising to OK.
While reading it (all in one go, I might add), I enjoyed it.
But when it was over, I was left feeling a bit let down.
It was unrealistic, and I don't enjoy books that are unrealistic.
I myself am an author, and I always try to keep my writing as realistic as possible.
I guess that's why this one left me feeling ripped off (even though it's free).
The three day time frame for them to fall in love felt a bit rushed.
It was like the author was too lazy to finish writing this properly.
Overall, this book was a let down.
I don't recommend this book to anyone.
At all.
This book was readable and ok because it was for free.
I'm ok with love at first site, i mean come on im a woman and i'm all about the love.
It had potential in the beginning, but then it fell flat.
The story was too rushed, their whole love affair was was rushed.
There was no character build up and the idea of her sister falling for his partner was just predictalbe and silly.
I did not see the conncetion at all!
I finished it because no matter what, if i start a book, I have to finish it.
This was a great book and a quick enjoyable read.
Love the chemistry between Abby and Dom!!
Kept the book fun to read.
Thanks.
Bridesmaid Lotto (McMaster the Disaster)The Book was funny and entertaining, However there were so many editing flaws, someone did not proofread to well.
I would recommend it to any one that wants light humorous reading.
I had to say, I actually liked this book.
The chemistry between them were so real.
I always love an alpha male being so strong and possession with his lover.
But, I also love how Abby is so strong and unafraid of expressing her feeling to Dom.
I kinda wish it was longer because I would like to have twist near the ending so Abby would not forgiven him so easily and he had to show and fight for his love for her.
Because it was wrapped so fast at the end.
I can't wait to read the next book. hahaa
I enjoyed the book and the second one, but good GRIEF I have never seen such a horrific editing job in my life.
"Desert" used instead of "dessert," periods were only used if she felt like putting them in, no hyphens where used when they were supposed to be used...
I wanted to bust out my red pen and start correcting.
The second one had far more grammatical errors than the first (any are unacceptable).
A free Kindle ebook that truly was "you get what you pay for."
I enjoy a good romance, but this book and I were not a good match.
I doubt I read ten pages?
Maybe the basic plot was good, but there was too much focus on sexual themes & adjectives from the get-go, for my taste.
I tried twice, gave up halfway thru the first chapter both times, and finally deleted it from my elibrary.
I downloaded this for free and I'm glad I didn't pay for it.
It's been a while since I've read a romance, so maybe I wasn't in the right frame of mind for it.
But this is one of those books where you have to suspend all thoughts of reality for it to work.
The characters are completely unbelievable.
The billionaire acts very unsophisticated for someone in his position.
The female protagonist waffles back and forth so much it's just annoying.
I will say that I liked the premise.
With better writing this could have been really fun to get into (ala Pretty Woman) - hence the 2 stars instead of 1 - but it just really fell flat.
Everything happened practically instantaneously.
Every time I'd get a spark of reader interest going, the author would blow it with the girl acting like an idiot again.
I guess I like a woman with brains in my stories...
I really loved this book.
It really had it all - great characters, good story line, and sexy love scenes.
Ruth Cardello really knows how to write romance folks!
This was a sweet, well written story with well developed characters.
Book 1 of a trilogy and I look forward to book 2.
Hope the author develops the Zhang character further... she intrigued me!
My one and only criticism was the unattractive typeface on the Kindle edition.
I found it quite distracting.
It started out as making me want to read more but it came to a screeching, disappointing halt.
It felt like the author just stopped writing mid-story.
Can I give no stars?!?!
I read tons of books,this one was the most flat,unbelievable fiction.
I didn't connect to any of the characters ... and I didn't enjoy it a bit!!! i always finish my books,But it was painfully finishing this one!!!
DONT WAIST UR MONEY!!!
Don't give up RUTH CARDELLO, ........ but I was very disappointed.
TOO unbelievable for a good story.
Good luck to you, you can do better I'm sure.
I enjoyed the story.
I think there could have been more to the storyline.
I think some of the story was a but unrealistic but I understood what the author was getting across.
I liked the characters and there was believable depth to the story.
A great escape from reality.
Anyone who loves a HEA and a rich hero will enjoy this book.
But as long as you keep reading all fades away....
It is another Christian Grey with no personality at all!
The first pages promise a good dose of flirt, love fight and sex. but the girl is too plain and agreable, and the male unbelivable boring!
The story goes too fast, so much incredible things happend and the end was ridiculous.
Excuse my grammar, I'm a native spanish speaker.
Awesome read for romance readers.
I am a Nora Roberts fan but Ruth has become a favorite new author.
Wonderfully written.
Not a interesting read.
Skips over character development.
Choppy.
Intimate scenes are left unfulfilled.
I don't have the urge to find out what's next.
I am glad it was free.
No surprise, this book does not make any difference.
Boring is the word to describe it.
sORRY TO SAY i CANNOT GET THIS GAME TO WORK. cOULDN'T FIND ANY PLAY OR START BUTTONS.
VERY FRUSTRATING TO SAY THE LEASE
I liked the characters and there was believable depth to the story.
A great escape from reality.
Anyone who loves a HEA and a rich hero will enjoy this book.
But as long as you keep reading all fades away....
It is another Christian Grey with no personality at all!
The first pages promise a good dose of flirt, love fight and sex. but the girl is too plain and agreable, and the male unbelivable boring!
The story goes too fast, so much incredible things happend and the end was ridiculous.
Excuse my grammar, I'm a native spanish speaker.
Awesome read for romance readers.
I am a Nora Roberts fan but Ruth has become a favorite new author.
Wonderfully written.
Not a interesting read.
Skips over character development.
Choppy.
Intimate scenes are left unfulfilled.
I don't have the urge to find out what's next.
I am glad it was free.
No surprise, this book does not make any difference.
Boring is the word to describe it.
This book started out good but then dragged on.
A lot of questions still needing answers and it left me confused.
I guess that's why they suggest you read the sequels, but it wasn't good enough to make me want to read the sequels.
I didn't like every character either.
Melissa Zieger
A very intriguing book from start to finish.
The author has me wanting to see what was next from the get go.
I couldn't put it down until the story ended.
There was nothing special about this story.
At no point was I like "I can't wait to read this again".
I feel like the author rushed thru this without really checking to see if the book was really that interesting.
sORRY TO SAY i CANNOT GET THIS GAME TO WORK. cOULDN'T FIND ANY PLAY OR START BUTTONS.
VERY FRUSTRATING TO SAY THE LEASE
reviewed by: AppleAllenWhat Ofc.
Dibble neglected to mention was there are no books here unless you're a fan of christian love srories and old books like swedish fairy tales.
It's truly terrible and a waste of money.
And most time you have to download from smashwords, and that's only slightly better than dealing with your local DMV.
Try smash words just once... a 10 year can develop a better site.
Smashwords is a hot mess in and of itself.
Some books lead you to Amazon where we are told the book is onle available for download to a P. C. What's upWith that?
I got my classic novels {sherlock holms,moby dick,alice in wonderland} for free, and as for the rest...
I'll pay the cash.
I like ordering what I really want and Kindle prices and customer service is excellent.
Search for free mobi-Classics and save for the books that you really want.
You won't find Stieg larsson or Stehanie Meyer on Free Booksfor Kindle.
Please remember cancelling is a pain in the ass.
You have to go to the Manage your content on kindle section on your PC, or call up in person.
Deleti ng this blog on your Kindle unit says its deleted for good... but next day it pops up again.
Trust me, It sticks!
P. S. Officer Dibble is one of the main contributors to the blog, so there is a conflict of i terest.
I've spent a LOT of time sorting through the free books available on Amazon, but this blog is the best ebook freebie blog I've seen yet.
There is a separate post for titles in a particular genre.
So if you're looking for thriller novels, they're all together.
Erotica?
All together.
Romance?
Yep, all there for you.
As another reviewer said, I don't understand what all the complaints are about, either.
Why are people complaining about the book selection?
The blogger has no control over what books are available for free on any given day.
Why blame him?
To try it for a day or two and assume that there is "only" a certain type of book listed on there is a little strange.
It's not like the guy can say "hey, there's no thrillers today, so I guess I'll just make up some fake thriller titles."
My first day on the blog, I found cook books, parenting books, history books, religious fiction, thrillers, erotica, romance, and some mostly boring-looking non-fiction books.
That's just a brief sampling.
There were literally a hundred books that day, maybe even over two hundred.
Maybe some of these reviewers just checked the blog on slow days?
I'm not disparaging their opinions or experiences, just merely pointing out that I definitely have had a good experience on the blog, and found some great books, including some freebie books on writing, so perhaps they needed to give it more of a chance.
I found a bunch of books on the blog that were in genres I'm interested in, but never think to do a search for.
But when you see the blog title, you think "oh hey, I haven't read one of those in a while" and you can often find something good.
There's a reason this book is (as of this writing)ranked #633 in the entire Kindle store.
It's a time saver, if you give it a chance.
At least, it is for me. p. s.
For full disclosure, one of my stories was listed on his blog for one day last month.
But I don't do "throwaway" reviews.
If I hadn't actually used his site and enjoyed it, I wouldn't have left a review.
My policy is, if I can't say anything good, I won't say anything at all.
But so far, I don't have anything bad to say about the Free Ebooks for Kindle blog.
If I do, I'll change this review to let you all know. ;-)
I really don't understand all the complaints.
I've used this blog for over a year now and have none.
I also have a back log of over 750 books I've downloaded, for free, just waiting for me to read.
I could have downloaded many, many more.
Not one of them is a romance novel or ancient Swedish poetry.
Good job to Chris-keep up the good work.
Thanks so much.
I'm amazed by the number of free books this blog has every day.
Like 200 free books to choose from, in all major categories.
There are so many free books to read about and download it takes hours a day to go though this blog.
Also the books it describes are new and different each day - seven days a week.
I'm thrilled with this blog and can't wait each day till I have time to check it out.
I feel like i'm getting almost unlimited free books these days.
I cant understand the complaints.
This the best resource for free books for the kindle.
Not only do you get a list of the free books categorized (e. g. horror romance religious travel etc) You also get a full description of the book and any reader warnings such as strong language etc.
I love this blog and I have subscribed to several other bnlogs over the years.
Thios is by far the most comprehensive blog available.
I am interested in free children's e-books, and this blog is great for that.
I only wish there was a search function on the website.
Definitely check it out!
how can l watch video on my kindle . l what to enjoy movies and music, help me though l have used a wrong path.
I'd heard that the free book blog written by Michael Gallagher was way better than this one, which I've been getting for the past month.
It's not.
Stick with this one.
I'd been getting the other one for two days (two days!) and already books were repeated and had already been mentioned in this blog.
Like other five-star reviewers, I don't get all the negative reviews.
While there are books included that I would never download (Top Sights to See in Sri Lanka! or How To Get Your Ex-Boyfriend Back [I'm fine with the one I have now, thanks]), there are many other books that I DO want.
Since subscribing to ths blog one month and one day ago, I have added an enormous total of 217 books to my Kindle library!
That's, like, triple what I used to have.
And no, I don't read Swedish folklore or How To Improve Your Golf Swing In Six Easy Steps.
I'm not that boring.*~Kelly*No offense to those who have downloaded those titles.
I have been getting this blog for a while now and there has only been one or two days I didn't find something I wanted to read!
Just recently one of mt favorite authors has had free collections of his e-books available for free, which is great!
I also love the way books are sorted into different groups, so I don't have to waste my time searching for what I like - I check the "Fantasy" and "Science Fiction" (among other) sections and skip the "Kids" books and the "Travel".
Great blog!
i honestly dont know who would buy this i thought that free books are suppose to be free i dont know if i even knowthe definition to free anymore this si stupid
dont waste your time unless you live in the UK. i tried it for two days and thats all they had. spend your 99cents on free kindle books plus a few tips.... he has books you can get sometimes twice a day
Even when you delete this blog, it will be there the next day!
I did a 14 day free trial of this blog.
You only get one free suggested book per day.
When I found the Free Book Dude blog, which sends one suggestion EACH HOUR, I deleted this blog.
As previously mentioned, even though it was after only six days, when I deleted this blog it would be there again the next day.
I continued to delete this blog each day.
Finally, on the 15th day, it was no longer there.
But here's the kicker.
Yep, you guessed it.
THEY CHARGED ME $.99!!!
Now I see at least one other reviewer had similar problems.
So, be kind to yourself and AVOID THIS BLOG LIKE THE ZOMBIE PLAGUE THAT WE ALL HEAR SO MUCH ABOUT THESE DAYS!
hey i know the mushy stuff people say about kindles like "aweswome kindles" and "this is SO kool" but really i am wishing that i had a kindle fire
I love my kindle because I have access to all my German Literature.
I live in New Jersey and without the Kindle I could not read a German book.
Now I have thousands of books in my language available.
I feel I'm back home in Germany in a library, sometimes I just search through the different subjects and it makes me happy that all those beautiful books are available to me.
A lot of old books are free or only 99 cents.
My favorite Austrian Author is Peter Rosseger he writes just like Mark Twain.
I read a lot of Jules Verne.
Now I'm reading David Copperfield.
Many German books I read have to do with local custom and history of the German People.
I hope that the German Readers take a advantage of the Kindle German Books.
Sincerely Monika Renda.
David is my husband and he bought the kindle for me.
I live in the USA, and I've used this blog for nearly a year to find hundreds of free books for myself and my grandchildren.
I love the recent change to categories for the books.
But my sister and I both got a Kindle Fire (KF) for Christmas, and I excitedly recommended the blog to her.
Then I went to my account to change delivery to my KF and am very disappointed that I can't get the blog on it.
PLEASE, Chris G, make this available for Kindle Fire users!!!
Ok no offence but this sux.
Who the heck would waste their precious time on this blog.
Some ppl...
I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about...
I have used this blog every day for over one month and have 'NO' complaint.
Thanks Chris G. Good job....
youpeople are idiots just search in the kindle store wat u wan to read and it will say if it is free or not example search free mystery books and it will give u that y waste with this blog which is just somethin to get money
I had a huge cheesy grin on my face while I read this book.
It was romantic and funny.
Plus, it had just the right amount of sweet and sexy.
I adored Cross My Heart by Abigail Strom.
This is how the book starts:"I hate you."Michael Stone glanced over at the passenger seat, where his fourteen year old daughter slouched down with folded arms."I know."She shook her head.
"You only think you know.
This isn't some teenage drama thing, Dad.
This is Count of Monte Cristo hatred."He raised an eyebrow.
"You're going to spend the next thirty years plotting revenge?""I'm just saying I won't forget this.
Ever.
And I'll never forgive you.
The day I turn eighteen, I swear you're never going to see me again."First off, how many people remember conversations similar to that one with their parents?
I know I do.
Second, how freaking funny is the Count of Monte Cristo hatred comment?
I re-read this page a couple times.
It cracked me up and brought me back to my days as an adolescent.
I am normally skeptical about novels where the main character has children, especially older children.
I don't have children so being a parent isn't something I can easily relate to.
I don't know exactly what it's like to be in the parent's shoes, but I do remember what it's like to be a bratty teenager.
Surprisingly, I found that I could relate to the characters in this novel.
I connected with Claire, Michael's daughter, from experience, and because I am older now, I really felt the effects that Claire's sulks, eye rolls, and bad attitudes had on Michael.
This love story is hot.
Michael and Jenna may be polar opposites but that doesn't stop the electric sparks that fly whenever they are within 100 miles of each other.
They have loads of sexual tension.
Their love story is also realistic, and I love the way it ends.
I gave Cross My Heart by Abigail Storm 4 STARS.
This book kept me engaged, made me laugh out loud and kept me rooting for the characters.
It's extremely entertaining.
I loved the characters, the plot, and the conclusion.
I think this is a great novel, and I strongly recommend it to others.-XOXOREADING, EATING AND DREAMINGFOR MORE REVIEWS CHECK OUT MY BLOG ON BLOGSPOT: READING, EATING & DREAMING I WAS BLAIR WALDORF
This is a keeper.
I'm so often let down by poor writing, so it was a relief to put myself in the hands of such a good writer.
It's smart and witty with a lot of heart, the sex is hot, the characters are likable and the motivations ring true.
The author has a real flair for dialogue which is evident from page one.
The hero was sexy and realistic and adorable.
Alas, doctors like him don't live next door to the single ladies nearly often enough.
This was a wonderful, romantic story with just the right amount of angst and suspense to make the love story sensual and endearing.
The struggling father trying to build a relationship with his 14 year old daughter with the help of his beautiful and famous next door neighbor was a delightful and uplifting story that I would recommend anyone who has read Love Unscripted or Always Been Mine (The Moreno Brothers 2).
Michael's daughter Clare comes for her yearly visit and is the same resentful, angry daughter he is unable to communicate with.
Fortunately, his new next door neighbor happens to be a member of one of her favorite rock bands and he decides to invite her over to win points with his daughter.
He has already found himself attracted to Jenna and becomes more enthralled after their evening together.
His daughter can see his infatuation and encourages him to pursue Jenna.
Michael has always been science minded and protected himself from intimate relationships, but he can tell that Jenna is different and finds his long established self-control dwindling.
He learns to enjoy music for the first time as Jenna and Clare teach him to experience what they love and he learns to open himself up to a love like he has never experienced before.
He also starts to win the love and admiration of his daughter.
This was a wonderfully, touching story that was fun to read and a pleasure to recommend.
Would I/Did I buy it?
Yes (.99)Would I read it again?
YesWould I recommend it to friends?
Yes
It started out to be a real good book, but then it got very graphic and I don't appreciate that in the books I read.
An authordoesn't have to stoop to make a love scene so graphic.
It also had some bad language in it also.
I gave this book a five star because once you start reading you can't stop.
It is very romantic and touching.
I would definitely read it again and recommend it to everyone.
This is a very nice romance, it delivers the nice light read one expects from this genre, and pleasantly surprises the reader with some entertaining dialog, creativity, heart, and intelligence.
I have been a bookworm forever so I don't put up with stories that don't have me hooked by the end of chapter 2.
I thought reading this was going to be so-so because it was a free novella but I really got hooked and enjoyed the heck out of it.
I read through dinner and finished it at 10:30 tonight.
I love books that leave you with a great feeling in your heart.
I loved the Michael character, how he would go from so restrained and organized to wild about Jenna.
I cheered when Jenna was so much more realistic about her career and didn't fling it all to the wind because she wanted to be what he wanted her to be, "the little woman".
I appreciated the daughter Claire.
Strom had that sullen teen/great kid, Jekyll and Hyde, personality down pat.
She has to have had one of those kids herself to nail those shifts so well.
I loved the real world relationship with a smart heroine and a sexy successful man.
Afraid now that I am going to have go back and read the whole series.
"Oh Sweetie, you know how my birthday is coming up?"Jules C.
Ok, so I want the guy in this book for real!
This was great read and very spicy in all the right parts.
It's got your teenage daughter, your rocker next door and your handsome doctor.
What else is there to say?
Yummy!
This story was great.
The characters were nicely developed.
You could feel the angst and love and caring that Michael had for his daughter.
The relationship between him, his daughter and Jenna was realistically developed and increased emotional interest in them.
The sex scenes were tastefully done; nothing too explicit but nothing too boring either.
There weren't any spelling or grammar or layout issues which greatly added to the book's readability.
I'm not sure where to start on how touching of a story this was.
Very accurate in how some single father's are in handling teenage girls and its very endearing to see the lengths this father is willing to go to too try to bridge the gap in his relationship with his daughter.
There's nothing better than a happy ending and this story brings it in spades.
Nice story with a bit of tension and conflict.
Just enough romance to make it spot on and worthy of your time.
Loved the characters and the not so "contrived" scenario.
You knew the characters and they didn't send you on a loop.
Definitely worth looking further into the series, since this is actually book 2.
Her sister, and story weren't heavily revealed, but enough of a tease to want more.
Abigail Strom is on my "TBR" list!
Characters were described as Jenna, a former rock musician, Michael, a heart surgeon reputed to be cold, and his 14-year-old daughter.
To me it sounded pretty run-of-the-mill, but it wasn't.
The characters felt very real.
Usually parent/child relations in these stories don't do much for me, but here the interaction and chemistry was good, the dialogue was terrific.
A fun, thoughtful read.
Billed as a contemporary romance novel, I thought CROSS MY HEART was much more.
It had romance, but more; and it had sex, but not erotica, not sex just for the sake of having it.
A nice blend.
Thanks to my mother-in-law living at our home for part of each year, in recent years I've been introduced to romance books, not my usual choice of reading.
Most are pretty predictable, but still, surprising to me, many are fun, light reads.
The opening dialogue in CROSS MY HEART was delightful and put a smile on my face, but in spite of that offered me no clue that it would be much different.
But it was!
They should have a category beyond "romance."
This was much more and very well done!
This is a book which captures your attention from the first page and does not leave you till the last.
The main characters in the book are finely etched and the narration is extremely smooth.
Like all popular romance novels this too has a happy ending but the highlight of the book is how the author carries you from the beginning to the end.
A must for all book lovers.
First, the book was very well written.
Michael is a single dad, whose daughter lives with her grandparents in Florida, but comes to Iowa for her summer visit.
He doesn't know how to relate to a teenage girl, so in comes Jenna, his sexy next door neighbor.
Claire is a fan of Jenna, who was in a popular band before they split up, so that is the perfect opportunity for him to meet her.
They are both attracted to each other, but she is just house sitting for the summer and does not want to get involved.
The remainder of the book walks you through the angst of being a single dad trying to develop his relationship with his daughter, while also falling for woman who doesn't want to take the fall for a great guy.
He's a control freak, she's a committment-phobe, so yes, there are issues especially with trying to make sure no one, including Claire gets hurt.
I really enjoyed this story and unlike others I've read, the ending was not abrupt.
Some endings are rushed or seem to feel like they will lead to something else, but this one doesn't.
Cross My Heart was my first experience reading a title by Abigail Strom and it certainly won't be the last.
She drew me into the worlds of her three main characters, allowing me to get inside each of their heads and hearts.
Sometimes I was choked with emotion and, other times, I was rejoicing at the unfolding story - hoping for a positive outcome for everyone without anyone having to give up their individuality, having to choose one important part of their lives over another.
The writing of the resolution was executed very well and, though not normally a person to read sexual interludes in a book, I was so drawn into the characters of Michael and Jenna that I didn't want to miss any of the details.
I didn't realize this title was part of a series; I'll be coming back to read more about the Landry family in the near future.
Michael is my favorite kind of hero.
He has brains AND brawn--(street credibility even... lol).
The heroine is a chic's chic.
The story is so realistic.
The romance is so authentic.
Great sexual tension and convincing love scenes.
Also, The author does a very good job of describing the music (the heroine happens to be a musician).
I would be very interested in hearing the music that was described when Claire was performing on stage with Jenna.
Loved it.
Loved it.
Loved it.
And right now it's a free Kindle book!
Happy Reading.
A simple romance.
The pace moves along nicely.
You feel the characters are down to earth and not overly complicated.
It makes you wonder if you have settled for less if you don't experience the passion that these two characters have for each other.
Given that this book was free, I wasn't expecting much.
The book was well-written, but I didn't feel drawn into it.
The initial reaction of the characters to one another seemed very far-fetched (the instant attraction to the point of wanting to rip each others clothes off from the very first moment, though I will give the author credit for not letting it happen until halfway through the book).
Plus there was just too much angst over what amounted to basically nothing - she's a free spirit and he's not so they have to come to terms with that, but they're both too bullheaded to be adult about it at first.
I really enjoyed reading this book.
I loved the characters and their experiences.
The daughter was the perfect addition for this couple and definitely a matchmaker. :) The ending was perfect too.
Hot, sweet, simple, and romantic - in a sense. -Squeak!- This book definitely left me with a smile on my face.
By the time I actually got to the last sentence my face felt like it was going to be stuck from smiling so hard from that last scene.
(In a happy way, not a ha-ha way) There were great steamy scenes, some fun, understanding, and coming to terms with yourself.
Plus a little, 'seeing the light'.
I wouldn't mind reading this again and it's definitely 'on the fence' for earning a spot on the bookshelf.
Enjoy!
Michael (heart surgeon)is father to Claudia (14 yr.
Old) who lives with his in laws in Florida.
Since the death of his ex wife who moved back home to be near family.
He sees her twice a yr. & she says she hates him for being to perfect.
Jenna is the curvy beautiful raven haired ex rock band lead singer.
Free spirited & someone Claudia looks up to & Michael lust over.
So, to get his daughter to like him he ask Jenna for help on day one.
From there they all become more then they ever thought they could be.
Jenna, Michael & Claudia what love is about.
I give this five stars as this book touched on what most people deal with, love and two careers.
How to make it work.
Recommend this book to people who like romance
I really liked this ebook.
It was more romance than steamy.
It was well written.
I would look for other books by this author.
Easy read...
Loved the romance!
I actually wish there was a part 2 so readers could find out how married life is lol!
Cute...
A very cute story with a modern story line.
I would buy this box again.
Thank you and keep up the great work.
This book was a good read, I really liked the way the author made you fall in love with the characters.
I really liked how they fall into place with each other.
It takes you from beginning to end of life value.
I enjoyed!!
ANOTHER ONE FROM THIS AUTHOR WAS GREAT READING.
AFTER THIS BOOK SERISE I WENT LOOKING FOR MORE.
RELAXING READING.
LOVED IT
Best entertaining book I have read for awhile, once I started, had to finish it till the end.
Love the characters and the storyline and breathe ending.
Would definitely recommend it.
Good book to read, fun series.
Nicely written.
I had a hard time not reading the whole series at once.
The characters were put together at the right time in which to savage each of their lives.
Michael Stone had to get out of the mundane lifestyle, Claire needed a reality check and Jenna needed stability.
A good story that brought meaning of great value to each life.
It was sweet how Michael handled both daughter and Jenna.
He was brave to come out of his safe world, reaping the benefits of true love of a woman to share his life and gaining the love and admiration of his daughter.
It was told very nicely, and had just enough romance.
I downloaded this book as a free purchased.
I had never read anything by this author, but the summary sounded interested.
I really like this book and the growth that Michael, Claire and Jenna made throughout the story.
This will not be my last read by this author.
I like her writing style and the way that she makes you feel like you are right there in the story.
This was a fun read.
Even though you know how it will end, it's so much fun getting there.
Wonderful characters with lovely flaws.
Enjoyed it!
I rated this book a 4 because it's great and majestic. what I liked about the book is that in the end it was happy.
I would recommend this book to a person who likes a book that just keeps you turning the page.
Good book over all, some typos and grammatical errors but was an easy read for being a free book on kindle
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
It was an easy, enjoyable read showing that love wins out no matter what.
I highly recommend it!
This is a great beach read.
I love to find books that keep my attention that I can read on the beach to pass the time!
Very cute story for all ages.
Love Story will a great ending, entertaining for any age, at any time.
One of those books read in one seating.
Another romance including a father-daughter (of 14) relationship, helped by a striking young woman having moved across the street (guitarist in a famous rock-band).
Explanations on how the music touches your heart extremely well written, good ending.
What a wonderful book!
I really enjoyed this story, and all of the characters were so real.
You won't be disappointed in this one.
This book was a romantic feel good novel.
I liked the chemistry between Michael Stone and Jenna Landry.
Both people had empty places in them and they were looking for the perfect love connection,
This was a good fairytale book with the typical happy ending entertaining.
Love wins overall.
Real life fairytales do happen.
I Love this book it was funny and warm.
The problems between a teenage and a father so real and accurate.
I wanted this book to go on,I could not put it down.
This is a very cute story!
I greatly enjoyed curling up to read this!!
Can't wait to read the others that go along with it!!
Who doesn't love a love story ?
Throw in some rock n roll a hot doctor as a neighbor and the music will play .
Sweet story of life starting out all over again and navigating this thing call life.
I would have given it 5 stars but there were a few type-os that were distracting.
A very 'feel good' book.
Atouching story about a widowed father trying to connect with his teenage daughter.
A daunting task considering he is a busy surgeon and a father who doesn't have his daughter living with him for long periods of time.
I loved the attraction between Michael and Jenna and of course the ease that Jenna had communicating with Claire .
They'd make quite the couple: surgeon and rockstar.
I look forward to reading more of the series.
I really enjoyed this story.
It just felt very real and had me hooked from the start.
Didn't put it down until the end.
My only disappointment was that I couldn't find the author's other books on kindle.
I want to read them right now and not wait for the mailman to deliver them !
A little more graphic than I like but I'm adult so it was ok.
I like romance novels but not the graphic ones
Cute story.
The writing style was very simplistic which made it a hard read for me.
It was "cheesy" at points, but it was a free book so overall I will say it was average.
I was pleasantly surprised by this book.
Not only was the book well written, but it was also longer than I expected.
The characters were well developed and the romance was good.
This is the story of Dr. Michael Stone, who is a divorced surgeoun, father to Claire, a 14 year old teenager who lives with her granparents in Florida.
Story begins when Claire goes to Iowa to spend her usual 2 weeks with her father.
Michael doesn't have a good relationship with Claire, for many reasons you will read about in the book.
But he loves her and wants to be a real father to her and simply doesn't know how, especially since she is a teenager.
Enter Jenna Landry into the picture.
Jenna is Michael's extremely beautiful and gorgeous neighbor.
Michael has seen her, but never made an effort to know her so doesn't really know who she is.
Claire recognizes her as a very famous musician, one of her idol.
Story develops and Jenna soon becomes the glue that makes everything work between the Claire and Michael.
Jenna and Michael become friends too, they are both attracted to each other, but they both want different things.
He is methodical and she is a free spirit.
It was nice to see them fall in love, even though they were so different.
It was great to see also how a relationship can blossom between father and daughter and that it is never too late to start one no matter how hopeless it feels at times.
Lovely, lovely story.
Not everything was about romance between a couple, but there was also other types of relationships.
Story line was refreshing and heartwarming.
Nice little find for a tiny price tag!
This novel has been lurking on my kindle for a long, long time.
Every time I passed it over, I felt vaguely guilty for making it wait yet again for my attention.
Today it succeeded :) I soon realised that I had been side-lining a good-tempered, happy read.
Ms Strom has crafted delightful characters whose charm made the hours pass swiftly : Michael - gorgeous, hunky but not arrogant, Claire - typical moody teenager, and Jenna - former rock star who has matured into a warm, caring adult.
These people are not flawless by any means, but aren't afraid to show their humanity in the way they relate to each other and to the people in their pasts.
The plot is believable and the sexy bits not over the top.
There is just enough angst to stir the pot and the character's reactions to circumstances not appearing to go their way, are depicted with none of the traditional histrionics much indulged in by some romance writers.
I thoroughly enjoyed this well-written, good-natured novel and would like to read more of this author's work. :)
Just what I needed.
Two people so different meet and become friends.
Michael the surgeon and Jenna the rock star.
Good uplifting read.
Really enjoyed it.
Couldn't lay it down!
LOVE this writer:)Hope to read the rest of her novels soon, and hope they're available!
Just what I needed.
Two people so different meet and become friends.
Michael the surgeon and Jenna the rock star.
Good uplifting read.
Really enjoyed it.
This book really drew me in.
Once I started reading the sample, I actually couldn't stop and ended up reading the entire sample (for the first time!) before downloading the book.
If I hadn't looked at the 'Publisher' field I still would've known it was self-published due to a few grammatical errors and areas I wanted to snip and tighten (several times I inwardly shouted: "Redundant!
You needn't add those words!"
Many moments of too much `telling').
Plus, there were jarring, sudden POV changes and repetitive descriptions e. g. of Michael (yes, I get it, he built his life around structure and thrives in stability--no need to tell it, show it, tell it, then tell it again).
But the good news is, only light editing required--I adjusted phrasings in my mind and it happened infrequently enough.
But these are the reasons why I gave it four stars because beyond these flaws, Strom is a good writer--good pacing, characterizations and scenes--and this book was an utterly adorable read.
I don't mind being redundant myself: I loved this sweet, well-organized romance.
Bravo Ms. Strom!
Couldn't lay it down!
LOVE this writer:)Hope to read the rest of her novels soon, and hope they're available!
This book was the perfect mix of emotion, and sex.
It was great and I definitely will read again and recommend to friends.
Hard to find books like these.
This book is a typical romance book- which was what I was after.
Characters and story line were easy to like.
This was a cute story about a man who is a single parent trying to understand his teenage daughter.
It brought back memories of when my daughter was a teenager.
Cute story....
This book was a awesome read period!
I love the characters their flow was wonderfully done.
It wasn't to long are drawn out... this book was awesome.
The sexually scenes were clean not rauchy, it made me attack my Husband several timew...(lol) never the less this is a great read enjoy...:)
Not only was this book captivating, it was romantic, insightful, charming, and inspiring.
Beautifully written, I felt like I was a part of the story and a close friend of all the characters.
I can't wait to get lost in another story by Abigail she is truly a gifted romance writer.
It was free, so I admit I came in with pretty low expectations.
But wow!
The story was fun, and I really adored the three main characters.
My favorite thing, by far, was how honest and genuine the love felt between Michael and Jenna.
I will definitely be getting more books by this author!
It's very rare that a well-written book doesn't do it for me.
This book had all the right stuff: decent plot, good editing, and well-developed characters.
The only problem was the hero.
Michael was too much.
And the writing of his character was a little creepy to me.
His obsession didn't match my mental picture of his projected behavior.
I gave the book three stars, mostly because of all the good points it had.
I just didn't love the main characters together.
A few untidy plot points (what Nana said to name one) might have gotten the fourth star with a little more polish.
Otherwise, my rating is a bit opinionated.
It's difficult to remain objective sometimes when there is something about a main character that rubs you the wrong way.
I will probably give the author one more shot to be sure, though.
This was a cute story about a man who is a single parent trying to understand his teenage daughter.
It brought back memories of when my daughter was a teenager.
Cute story....
This book was a awesome read period!
I love the characters their flow was wonderfully done.
It wasn't to long are drawn out... this book was awesome.
The sexually scenes were clean not rauchy, it made me attack my Husband several timew...(lol) never the less this is a great read enjoy...:)
Not only was this book captivating, it was romantic, insightful, charming, and inspiring.
Beautifully written, I felt like I was a part of the story and a close friend of all the characters.
I can't wait to get lost in another story by Abigail she is truly a gifted romance writer.
It was free, so I admit I came in with pretty low expectations.
But wow!
The story was fun, and I really adored the three main characters.
My favorite thing, by far, was how honest and genuine the love felt between Michael and Jenna.
I will definitely be getting more books by this author!
It's very rare that a well-written book doesn't do it for me.
This book had all the right stuff: decent plot, good editing, and well-developed characters.
The only problem was the hero.
Michael was too much.
And the writing of his character was a little creepy to me.
His obsession didn't match my mental picture of his projected behavior.
I gave the book three stars, mostly because of all the good points it had.
I just didn't love the main characters together.
A few untidy plot points (what Nana said to name one) might have gotten the fourth star with a little more polish.
Otherwise, my rating is a bit opinionated.
It's difficult to remain objective sometimes when there is something about a main character that rubs you the wrong way.
I will probably give the author one more shot to be sure, though.
This book was great I have to admit this is my second I ever finished in my whole life because all the other were boring I am totally a Abigail strong fan now I will totally check out her book
I liked this book from thievery beginning.
I fell in love with Michael, Jenna, and his daughter Claire!
Didn't want to put the book down, sad when it came to an end
I enjoyed this book . the two most awkward and unlikely people finding love together. some parts are a bit predictable but over all a great easy read.
This was the perfect romance.
The characters were absolutely lovable and you couldn't help routing for them the entire time.
As with some romance novels, you spend half the book being frustrated because the characters are so clueless... not this time.
I loved them from start to finish!
This was a fun read, a literary vacation.
It is junk food for the mind that you can't resist, enjoy too much, and know will melt your brain if you read too much of it.
The problems of the characters were a little too small and their baggage was carry on but it's a fantasy.
The characters blend so well together and are very believable.
Everyone knows how teenagers can be.
Yet this father and daughter have no common ground to work with.
Enter the new rock star neighbor and all involved learn life lessons.
What a great read!
I went through this book effortlessly.
I laughed and teared up, but couldn't stop.
I definitely recommend it.
Very, very,Cute story.
I really enjoyed reading it, fun and light hearted.
Worth reading ;-) its free give it a try
I loved how the father struggled with his teenage daughter and ended up falling for the neighbor.
Michael was the perfect male in his sensitivity.
A perfect blend of father and lover- you loved him for both roles.
Loved this book and the characters.
You find that you are rooting for them in the end.
Loved the author style.
I loved the story line, and could relate to the characters.
It is one I plan on reading again in the future.
Very good book.
I enjoyed the story line and the romance between the two.
I recomend to every one who loves romance.
It was a nice read to pass the afternoon.
Sometimes a bit slow.
I don't think I will re-read it.
CROSS MY HEART is without a doubt a 5star read as far contemporary romances.
Honestly, I had a hard time putting it down & read it in 2 nights!
I love all the characters, esp the amazing & carefree Jenna.
Claire, the perfect 14 yr old, & Michael, the guy who needs figures out if & how he can make these two women, who seem not to want to be loved, love him.
This was my first book from the author and I am glad I purchased it.
Amazingly written and nothing dragging.
I couldn't put it down until I reached the end.
Everything moved so quick and smooth in the story and I didn't feel that I was reading forever.
Light and a good read.
I surely would purchase more of Abigail Storm's books.
I loved the story line, and could relate to the characters.
It is one I plan on reading again in the future.
Very good book.
I enjoyed the story line and the romance between the two.
I recomend to every one who loves romance.
It was a nice read to pass the afternoon.
Sometimes a bit slow.
I don't think I will re-read it.
CROSS MY HEART is without a doubt a 5star read as far contemporary romances.
Honestly, I had a hard time putting it down & read it in 2 nights!
I love all the characters, esp the amazing & carefree Jenna.
Claire, the perfect 14 yr old, & Michael, the guy who needs figures out if & how he can make these two women, who seem not to want to be loved, love him.
This was my first book from the author and I am glad I purchased it.
Amazingly written and nothing dragging.
I couldn't put it down until I reached the end.
Everything moved so quick and smooth in the story and I didn't feel that I was reading forever.
Light and a good read.
I surely would purchase more of Abigail Storm's books.
I really liked the story.
A teenage daughter going through emotions like washing her hair.
A father trying to figure out what emotions are, and a woman that lives next door.
I honestly do not want to give anything away.
It was quirky, some parts even funny, but most of all it was delightful.
Some gave a bit of negative reviews, honestly I don't understand there was nothing wrong with the story whatsoever.
No spelling errors, or grammical errors.
Was very pleased with a steady rolling plot line and the characters were very well defined.
Will definately read Abigail Strom again!!
I loved the story.
There was so much love and depth I couldn't put it down.
I would love for the story to continue.
Very good read keeping your interest peaked till the end.
Would definitely read a sequel to this book cross my heart.
This was a real page turner from the start!
Loved it the storyline and use of music as universal language of love!
It was a nice read to pass the afternoon.
Sometimes a bit slow.
I don't think I will re-read it.
CROSS MY HEART is without a doubt a 5star read as far contemporary romances.
Honestly, I had a hard time putting it down & read it in 2 nights!
I love all the characters, esp the amazing & carefree Jenna.
Claire, the perfect 14 yr old, & Michael, the guy who needs figures out if & how he can make these two women, who seem not to want to be loved, love him.
This was my first book from the author and I am glad I purchased it.
Amazingly written and nothing dragging.
I couldn't put it down until I reached the end.
Everything moved so quick and smooth in the story and I didn't feel that I was reading forever.
Light and a good read.
I surely would purchase more of Abigail Storm's books.
I really liked the story.
A teenage daughter going through emotions like washing her hair.
A father trying to figure out what emotions are, and a woman that lives next door.
I honestly do not want to give anything away.
It was quirky, some parts even funny, but most of all it was delightful.
Some gave a bit of negative reviews, honestly I don't understand there was nothing wrong with the story whatsoever.
No spelling errors, or grammical errors.
Was very pleased with a steady rolling plot line and the characters were very well defined.
Will definately read Abigail Strom again!!
I loved the story.
There was so much love and depth I couldn't put it down.
I would love for the story to continue.
Very good read keeping your interest peaked till the end.
Would definitely read a sequel to this book cross my heart.
This was a real page turner from the start!
Loved it the storyline and use of music as universal language of love!
Abigail Strom has obvious writing skill and a good ear for dialogue.
I never have to go back and re-read because I can't picture what is going on, and I never roll my eyes at the things that come out of her character's mouths.
She knows how to make well-rounded characters with a believable back story, and the sparks fly hot and fast between her main characters.
And here is the reason I've given this book 4 stars instead of 5.
Her books tend to move too fast and end too soon.
She has writing relationship chemistry down to a science, but the story always seems a little thin--just not enough going on beyond the struggle to get them in bed and then to keep them in a lasting relationship.
Perhaps if she could pull a few more characters into her stories and make the plot a bit broader, her books could be elevated above a quick steamy beach read.
Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed every minute and would recommend it to anyone who likes an occasional steamy romance.
I'm just wishing for a fuller, richer story.
By the title and cover picture, I did not think this book would have a lot to offer.
Boy,was I wrong.
I loved the story from the beginning.
I read it in one day which is unusual for me.
It is the story of two very different kind of people who compliment each other perfectly but it takes them a long time to discover that.
I would recommend this book highly.
This book is definitely recommended to everyone.
I am not sure what to say other than this book really hit home.
Short contemporary story, with true everyday difficulties.
Enjoyed to the very end.
Very difficult to stop reading once you start.
I really enjoyed this book with all of the emotions that run thought it.
Jenna was a great character and I loved how Michael was with her and with his daughter.
It was a real story that you could see happening on your street.
Highly recommend as a great summer read
Very good book.
I enjoyed it from start to finish.
Very good story line and kept my attention from beginning to end.
I absolutely loved this book!
I started it at work and could not put it down until I was done!!!
The story was beautifully written!
I loved how Michael started off as the detached brilliant doctor who wanted to love his daughter but always talked himself out of it thinking he wasn't capable.
Then Jenna happened..
Claire happened and his world became clear!
I also loved how they- Michael, Claire and Jenna each broke down each others walls directly and indirectly.
They all helped each other and sooo sooo happy that Michael and Claire worked out!
Jenna had not only her happy ending in love but in music and it was unconditional from what Michael wanted to give her!
Just an amazing story and well worth the read!!!!
I got lost in this book.
A wonderful romance novel.
I will be reading more of her novels, hoping that they are just as good.
very heartwarming and sensual. makes you feel like love can work through anything. the characters were realistic, interesting, and took on a feel of familiarity for me.
I can't believe that this ebook was free, I thoroughly enjoyed it and have recommended it to a few of my friends.
Thank you.
This is a very romantic, heartfelt story.
I liked this story stayed between the characters.
By that I mean there was no ex causing problems.
Any problems they had were mature mature issues that were resolved as adults.
Plus the daughter had a lot of insight to a relationship for her age.
Good story, I recommend it.
I very much enjoyed this contemporary romance.
It was an easy read, not pretentious or overly inflated for the sake of it, not too purple, a true romance in the best sense.
Believable characters I was able to relate to quite deeply, genuine conflict that wasn't one of those annoying, "just have a conversation, already!" sorts of conflicts, but seemed very real and true to the characters.
They had me rooting for them the whole time, including not just the hero and heroine but also the hero's teenage daughter, but just as confused as they were about how to make it all work out.
Yet the resolution, as simple as it ended up being, didn't feel like a snap-of-the-fingers resolution they could have come to in the beginning of the book, because it was one that only worked after they had all grown and changed through the story.
When they got their HEA, it felt deserved and real and like it would last beyond the (virtual) pages of the book.
It made me cry!
Very well done.
I am looking forward to reading lots more by this author.
This book was a sweet romance.
I loved the three main characters too.
What made me recommend this book though is how the teenager and guitar chick talked about music.
It gives a glimpse of music history, but better than that, it explains how it feels both for the player and the listener.
I am a non musical person surrounded by guitar, bass, drumming and singing family.
I have always understood that they were all passionate about music, I just never " got" it.
I still can't say I totally understand but this book helps explain it to me.
I loved this story, great story line easy read good beach book...
I enjoyed the characters really believable.
I didn't want it to end.
Love a alpha comming into their owe.
Really like after. the 1 series free flyer and aphla and a teenager great story.
This book had everything, romance, a little suspense, sex, and was an easy read.
I didn't want it to end!
This is a great love story!
Moves fast!
I really enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to anyone.
ENJOY!
Jenna Landry is a carefree former musician who is looking forward for her next chapter of her life, she moved temporarily to her aunt & uncle house for the summer she never stay in a place to long because of the type of life she carried since she started as a musician but can her hot neighbor tempt her to stay?
Michael is a cardiologist, who is workaholic and has a dysfunctional relationship with her teenage daughter.
He's always being a man of logic and not too much into feelings but her beautiful neighbor would put that to a test since the attraction is hot and well, you know when opposite attracts sparks flies!.
I loved the premise of the story very much but I felt that execution of it was not that good I wanted more, Mrs. Strom tried to build complex characters in both of our protagonist which I loved but how the story flow wasn't very convincing, everything got solved too quickly and it was a bit predictable which make the read ok but not awesome.
Jenna was a very interesting character, not my favorite but I did like her inner conflict of not been willing to give up her lifestyle of being a modern gypsy and being traveling around doing different things so she could settle down.
Like I said the protagonists were very interesting how the story unfold not so much.
My favorite character of the book was Michael, his reasoning toward life was very interesting how he seem always had to find a scientific explanation for everything and how logic prevail upon feeling but when it comes to Jenna all logic is thrown away and he becomes such an alpha I loved it!
I can't say I was very happy with his daughter, Claire yes she was a teenager that has lost her mother and had to stay with his father but jeez, did she have to be such a pain in the ass?
I felt that course of their relationship in the book was so I don't know was somewhat annoying but I guess in the end it work out of for the best.
So if you want to read a cute romantic book, this may be a good choice is nothing complicated but yet is readable and maybe in the future I would considered reading it.
A great story and a great read highly recommend the read as it has a part two and a part three coming
This was a very heartwarming story of how two people fell in love, with the help of a young teenage daughter.
If you are a romance lover you will love this book.
A very sweet story with some spice thrown in.
I downloaded this book back in February on a dreary day that was not good for anything but reading.
Boy, was that a wise choice.
This book kept me captivated all day, loving the chemistry between the characters, the unfolding plot and the freshness of story lines not overdone.
This author has an uncanny ability to write exquisite dialogue.
That is rate.
Good job.
I was completely entertained and soothed by this read!
Of course, he's a good looking, single doctor!
Ha ha... that always seems to be how the male love interest is written but this story adds the complication of his teenage daughter and how the female lead brings them back together as a family.
And, of course she gets the guy in the end!
It was a nice story.
I enjoyed this book very much.
The story line was insightful with the different personalities and the conflicts they caused.
I liked the way it showed that people can learn and change if they keep an open mind.
Abigail Strong writes with gut emotion.
Her characters have all our human emotion, they are not happily ever after people.
But strong people who Work for what and who they want.
Abigail Strom weaves a fine romance with this sweet story.
I loved the characters, the setting, the plot.
Everything.
I read a lot, so finding new words for a great romance novel is a tricky task.
Take it from me, this a really good read... cross my heart.
I enjoyed this story!
The dynamic between father and daughter was so close to the truth that it made this believable.
The connection between Michael and Jenna was just right; predictable enough to see the happy ending, but the journey to get there kept it interesting.
Simply said (without offering spoilers)....
I am pleasantly surprised with this book, the author and even more shocked that it was a free book for download.
I have tried others and they fell short.
I almost believed that if a book is good.... it would have to cost a pretty penny... not anymore!
Take advantage of giving this book a try... you won't be disappointed!
This was a nice pleasant read.
It Kept my interest throughout.
Perfect balance.
A nice one to curl up with on a rainy day.
I read a book because of the story.
This seemed to me to be a complete story; not condensed.
I would recommend it to all readers of fiction or romance.
I like stories dealing with adults and teenage children as that fits my life right at this moment.
I can understand trying to date while setting guidelines for the eyes that are watching.
Believable story about two hardworking people who are total opposites but are attracted to each other.
This book has all you could ask from a romance novel.
The author delivers the requisite heat, drama and happy ending without going overboard anywhere.
Loved the development with the father and daughter and, of course, the sizzling hot romance with the rock star.
The father's struggle to maintain a professional career, plus be a single parent, whilst opening his heart fully for the first time all made for a terrific read!
Abigail Strong writes with gut emotion.
Her characters have all our human emotion, they are not happily ever after people.
But strong people who Work for what and who they want.
Abigail Strom weaves a fine romance with this sweet story.
I loved the characters, the setting, the plot.
Everything.
I read a lot, so finding new words for a great romance novel is a tricky task.
Take it from me, this a really good read... cross my heart.
I enjoyed this story!
The dynamic between father and daughter was so close to the truth that it made this believable.
The connection between Michael and Jenna was just right; predictable enough to see the happy ending, but the journey to get there kept it interesting.
Simply said (without offering spoilers)....
I am pleasantly surprised with this book, the author and even more shocked that it was a free book for download.
I have tried others and they fell short.
I almost believed that if a book is good.... it would have to cost a pretty penny... not anymore!
Take advantage of giving this book a try... you won't be disappointed!
This was a nice pleasant read.
It Kept my interest throughout.
Perfect balance.
A nice one to curl up with on a rainy day.
I read a book because of the story.
This seemed to me to be a complete story; not condensed.
I would recommend it to all readers of fiction or romance.
I like stories dealing with adults and teenage children as that fits my life right at this moment.
I can understand trying to date while setting guidelines for the eyes that are watching.
Believable story about two hardworking people who are total opposites but are attracted to each other.
This book has all you could ask from a romance novel.
The author delivers the requisite heat, drama and happy ending without going overboard anywhere.
Loved the development with the father and daughter and, of course, the sizzling hot romance with the rock star.
The father's struggle to maintain a professional career, plus be a single parent, whilst opening his heart fully for the first time all made for a terrific read!
Might this book deserves a five star it's a great story of love and passion.
Abigail writing is so professional and the story flows smoothly.
Anyone who want a sweet summer story I recommend this book.
I wish this book would continue on and on
This book was what you expect.
You know that in the beginning that they would fall in love.
So you know how it was going to end.
Right from the beginning, I was immersed into the characters of this story.
You feel the energy of Jenna jumping off the pages, and the passion of Michael.
Even Claire and her matchmaking skills make you smile.
I found myself smiling quite a bit the whole time.
A great read that was hard to put down.
Can't wait to read about the other Landry members.
I enjoyed the book.
Michael is a sensitive logical surgeon and a bit of a macho man.
Jenna is an independent free spirited musician who never expected find love with her polar opposite.
Very romantic and sexy too.
I fell in love with the characters right away..
I found every opportunity I was reaching for my Kindle!
Makes you think of life's challenges and compromises.
Music has magic... whether its the words to a song or a melody - it finds a way to bring a smile (or a tear sometimes) to your face!
Enjoy reading!
I enjoyed reading this book, I like to read romance and this wasan easy reading book and had some suspense.
Very well written.
Loved both of the main characters.
The dynamics of all the relationships was great.
Easy read, finished it in a day.
I read this book in a couple of hours because it was just that good.
The characters were real and they were believable.
Some romance books are really farfetched but i think this one was written perfect.
I really loved Micheal he sounded loveable, hot , and very caring.
I wish lots of guys were like him.
I also liked how passionate jenna was about her music. i loved the plot of the book and the ending was … wow. :)
I loved the characters and the great story... just the right amount of time was spent getting the guy and girl together... and the daughter thrown into the mix was an added pleasure.
She sounded pretty cool for a fourteen year old.
This is the first book I've read in a long time that I lost sleep to keep reading. :D great book
Beautiful from beginning to end!!
A must read!
If your into romance you will love this book!
I ignored the world once I started it!
I look forward to reading more from this author.
I put off reading it for awhile but once I started I was hooked.
It was a strong feeling romance.
I would recommend it to anyone that likes a good romance novel and it keeps you until the very end .
I really enjoyed this book!
It has a good storyline and good writing.
Definitely want to read more from this author!
I love this book!
The story kept me on edge hanging on every word!
I feel hard and fast for these fabulous characters!
Recommended!
Great storyline and I was sooo anxious for the main characters to hook up and live happily ever after!
A very enjoyable read!
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
Just enough heat and emotion without being overly dramatic.
Believable characters and plot, would definitely recommend.
I'm hooked on this series and have now downloaded all the books the author has written so far.
I truly hope that there'll be more where this came from.
This story worked on every level and I think the author did a brilliant job of making a romance between two polar opposites work.
Just a great novel that's keeps your attention and has such a captivating story line, leaving you want to read more.
This book was really Good and her characters were very good and I can't wait to read more of her books, I loved this one...
It's was a nice easy read.
I didn't want to put my book down.
Truly for the romantic at heart.
Very nice book.
Better than most of the books I have paid for.
I enjoyed the way the writer explained why Michael was the way he was.
This is why his relatiinships in the past have failed.
Jeanna brings his emotions to the surface which makes reading about his internal struggle interesting.
This book was really Good and her characters were very good and I can't wait to read more of her books, I loved this one...
It's was a nice easy read.
I didn't want to put my book down.
Truly for the romantic at heart.
Very nice book.
Better than most of the books I have paid for.
I enjoyed the way the writer explained why Michael was the way he was.
This is why his relatiinships in the past have failed.
Jeanna brings his emotions to the surface which makes reading about his internal struggle interesting.
I didn't want to put the book down, I read it in one day.
It's nice to see a daughter looking out for her father and encouraging him to get out and enjoy his life.
It was great.
This was an easy read and I enjoyed it.
If you want a break from the heavier series books this one is great.
Loved the characters, the were wholesome and very likeable.
Loved the story and the happy ending!
A bit too predictable for me couldn't get into the story.
Although a fast read it just didn't have enough substance to keep me interested.
The characters were very well developed and likeable-- even the teenager!
A story about love and what the heart really desires.
Loved the flow of the story, loved the characters, and I just really enjoyed reading it!
Interesting choice of professions for Micheal, the male lead and Jenna, the female lead.
Loved it!!
It kept you on your toes and curling your toes through the romantic adult parts.
Beautifully wrote.
I love how both characters and even his daughter worked through their problems alone and together.
Very realistic when it came to problems and solutions which was a nice change.
Would recommend to adult friends and family.
This was okay for a free book.
I was able to read this book in one sitting.
It kept me busy while I did some laundry.
If you have to pay for it, don't bother.
A bit too predictable for me couldn't get into the story.
Although a fast read it just didn't have enough substance to keep me interested.
The characters were very well developed and likeable-- even the teenager!
A story about love and what the heart really desires.
Loved the flow of the story, loved the characters, and I just really enjoyed reading it!
Interesting choice of professions for Micheal, the male lead and Jenna, the female lead.
Loved it!!
It kept you on your toes and curling your toes through the romantic adult parts.
Beautifully wrote.
I love how both characters and even his daughter worked through their problems alone and together.
Very realistic when it came to problems and solutions which was a nice change.
Would recommend to adult friends and family.
This was okay for a free book.
I was able to read this book in one sitting.
It kept me busy while I did some laundry.
If you have to pay for it, don't bother.
I loved this book!
I read it in 4 hours!!
I would so recommend this book to someone and can't wait to read more from this series!
This book was also a good book from start to finish, and it held my interest to see what was going to happen at the end.
This was a great book, smiled and cried along with Michael, Claire and Jenna.
Strom really portrays the characters well, great insight into a 14 years old mind too!!
Will look for her other books.
This was a nice read for a lazy spring day.
Like romance books, some parts were predictable but the characters are so lovable that it can be forgivable.
This is a contemporary romance.
I usually read Paranormal but I really enjoyed this book and give it five stars.
the books were very fun to read and I think people would like to read them as much as I did.
I would rate this book as very good.
I enjoyed the material very much.
Would recommend it to other readers.
Quite a nice easy read.
Predictable ending I suppose but well worth the read.
Not too long.
Will definitely recommend.
Enjoyed the story.
Liked the writing.
True to life.
Very romantic and sweet.
Liked the struggle of father/daughter relationship and how a stranger bridged the gap and brought love to form a family.
I really t enjoyed reading this book I originally got this book for free but after reading I would buy more books from Abigail
This is a good quick read.
I read it all in one day.
This would make a great summer beach book
Great book full of hope and inspiration.
Everyday hopes and dreams come to life in characters involved.
Giving us all belief that problem with relationships can be resolved by communication.
A good read, would be a book to read at the beach.
Definitely a chick lit type book.
Enjoyed it
This is my first book by Abigail Strom.
Right from the beginning I was drawn in by the "real" feeling I got from the characters.
The honesty, humor, compassion and romance came together beautifully!
Great book!
I enjoyed this very much.
I actually read it in one morning unable to put it down.
Light, fun and romantic.
This is a good quick read.
I read it all in one day.
This would make a great summer beach book
Great book full of hope and inspiration.
Everyday hopes and dreams come to life in characters involved.
Giving us all belief that problem with relationships can be resolved by communication.
A good read, would be a book to read at the beach.
Definitely a chick lit type book.
Enjoyed it
This is my first book by Abigail Strom.
Right from the beginning I was drawn in by the "real" feeling I got from the characters.
The honesty, humor, compassion and romance came together beautifully!
Great book!
I enjoyed this very much.
I actually read it in one morning unable to put it down.
Light, fun and romantic.
Loved the detail descriptions of events in this book.
I love Abigail Strom's genre of writing!!
She's a great writer of romance novels!!
A conservative, straight laced, heart surgeon who is also a single dad and a sexy rock musician who just happens to be house-sitting for her aunt living next door, get to know one another because of his 14 year old teenage daughter who is visiting him for two weeks during the summer.
What starts off as a request to impress his daughter by introducing her to the rockstar to improve their father-daughter relationship, becomes so much more when sparks fly between the pair when these two opposites attract.
Very well written I'm looking forward to reading more from this author.
This was a pretty good story.
It definitely wasn't the typical match between two people - 2 different worlds that make it work.
A lovely romantic story.
A 'must read.
Keeps you wondering how it is going to end from beginning until the end.
I highly recommend it.
I know you will not be disappointed.
I love a good romance.
This book was exactly what I look for in a good romance.
It was well written with just the right touch of suspense.
Really enjoyed it.
Looking forward to reading more by this author.
Loved the characters and the story!
Couldn't put it down!!
A must read if you love romance novels.
Can't wait to read another book about this family.
A must read!
Romantic, spicy..... downright delicious!
Jenna and Michael's story will captivate you.
I read it in one sitting.
I love books that start me out laughing and lead into wonderful, sweet romances.
Abigail Strom's Cross My Heart caught me from the first page and held me to the end.
I am looking forward to reading the other books in her series.
I almost never review books.
But I had to review this one.
I have read SO many crappy romances under $4 on my Kindle that I had almost no hope of this one actually being good (despite the rave reviews).
Boy was I surprised.
I should preface my comments by saying that I've been reading very serious and *not* romantic books lately, and I really wanted something light, easy and emotionally satisfying.
This book filled that order perfectly.
The writing, particularly the dialogue, is good.
The characters were engaging.
Their relationships were 3-dimensional and very believable.
The ending was satisfying.
My only criticism was that I really wanted it to be longer (I finished it in about 3 hours, but I'm a fast reader).
I just bought 3 more of Abigail Strom's books, I hope they're as good as this one was.
I will read more of her books, I recommend this book to everyone that loves a good romance book.
Enjoy!
I love that its free.
This book was enjoyable, although it was the slowest of the three books I bought at the time.
I didn't like the characters as much.
I felt if things were edited a bit more, it would have made a wonderful inspirational story,
This was a fast read and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
The characters were believable.
Great love story about father and daughter and the fathers new love interest.
Laughter, passion, chemistry and parenting techniques.
Excellent read.
I liked this novel.
I enjoyed reading it.
Try it.
You will enjoy it as well.
Happy kindle fire reading.
My first Abigail Strom book.
Love it!
It takes a lot to get hooked on a writer.
All it took this time was this book.
Can't wait to find more.
Sweet, quick, endearing!
Read it so fast I was aching fir more!
Great weekend read.
Well developed characters and great plot.
Shows how our childhood events mold our adult actions.
A very sweet romance with realistic characters make this book a great distraction.
Mike and Jenna are a winning pair from the get go.
I'll be honest and say I normally find a character having kids annoying in a romance novel since i like to focus on the romance itself but I will make an exception here since Mike's daughter Claire is written so well you have to love her.
All in all this book is a very enjoyable read.
I really enjoyed this story and I couldn't put it down.
I liked all the characters.
I would recommend this book.
Bravo Abigail Stein!
Good read.
I could "see" the story from how the author painted the picture.
Recommend this to anyone who likes an unlikely romance
This is one of those stories that you laugh and cry with.
I fell in love with the characters from the very beginning, and the ending was.....
Magic!
Very good story.
The author did a great job on the love story between Michael and Jenna, not to mention the father daughter relationship with Claire.
Just the right amount of steamy love scens too.
Incredible.
Two people so intent on living yet so alone.
Becoming neighbors and a teenager with love for music introduces them to a whole new meaning for life.
I really enjoyed Cross My Heart from beginning to end.
This was the first book by Abigail Strom that I read .
I can"t wait to read the next one.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
This book was very romantic but with a flair of in intrigue.
I am looking forward to other books by this author.
I loved it!
It was super cute and romantic(: The ends a blast, soooooooooooooo cute!
Wish my love life was so interesting -_- lol
This book was great.
It kept my attention and never got boring or difficult to read.
I'll definitely be reading more books by this author.
Good read.
I could "see" the story from how the author painted the picture.
Recommend this to anyone who likes an unlikely romance
This is one of those stories that you laugh and cry with.
I fell in love with the characters from the very beginning, and the ending was.....
Magic!
Very good story.
The author did a great job on the love story between Michael and Jenna, not to mention the father daughter relationship with Claire.
Just the right amount of steamy love scens too.
Incredible.
Two people so intent on living yet so alone.
Becoming neighbors and a teenager with love for music introduces them to a whole new meaning for life.
I really enjoyed Cross My Heart from beginning to end.
This was the first book by Abigail Strom that I read .
I can"t wait to read the next one.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
This book was very romantic but with a flair of in intrigue.
I am looking forward to other books by this author.
I loved it!
It was super cute and romantic(: The ends a blast, soooooooooooooo cute!
Wish my love life was so interesting -_- lol
This book was great.
It kept my attention and never got boring or difficult to read.
I'll definitely be reading more books by this author.
This is the first book in years that I have actually been able to completely read.
It took me four days because I couldn't put it down.
I will definitely be reading more by this author.
I really liked it.
Nothing bad to say, kept me intrigued and reading, though I had so much more important things to do
A must read!!
I couldn't put it down.
Had to know what the outcome was, Abigail Storm just got a new fan.
This is a beautiful love story of two people finally waking up to their true potential and love for each other along with the daughter.
Great read.
I was smiling throughout the entire book.
Very good love story about a single father who falls in love with his daughter's music idol
Read this in a few hours, would have loved an epilogue but alas we got a hea.
Cute story loved the inclusion of the 14 year old daughter.
These can be read a stand alone.
I loved this book.
All my friends and family need to read it.
Mom will love it and so will my sisters...
I just finished reading Cross My Heart.
I haven't spent such an enjoyable afternoon reading in a long time.
And for free!
A double pleasure.
Thank you Amazon and more importantly, Abigail Strom.
A sweet story about learning to understand emotions.
Bringing together father and daughter and their new friend each of whom has suffered emotionally.
You will feel like your part of their lives.
I really enjoyed this book.
The characters were interesting... real... and I enjoyed their interaction with each other.
I love there to be sexual tension in a romance and this had plenty of that.
Would definitely read more of this author's work.
This book was well written..
I loved the characters.
The author made them seem very real like they were someone you know or wanted to know better.
Great story about a rock star and a doctor and his teenage daughter.
About mending broken hearts and broken relationships.
I would recommend this book.
A really good book
It is a very easy read.
Something you can drift off to and escape your current busy life.
It will give you nice thoughts
A pretty good story about two people who had lives that were just about themselves.
Could they change and come together and love each other?
You'll have to find out.
Really good book.
In fact I've read it twice now (couldn't find anything new to read :).
Love the chemistry between the main characters and it was really sweet how the relationship between father and daughter progressed.
Great story to get lost in for a few hours.
I normally skip right over the overtly sexual parts of romance stories but Abigail Strom did a great job of building a great story within these scenes.
Is it possible for two people that are so different to fall in love?
One a doctor the other a musician.
With the demands from both of their careers they have a choice to make.
This book will draw you in with just the right amount of romance and real life emotions. highly recommended
These characters were very believable.
The daughter was a typical teenager.
And the idea of teaching a new dog an old trick was done I a nice way.
I finished this book in one day!
Couldn't put it down.
The story was so intense.
I couldn't wait to find out what happened!
Good good good good good really good and was entertaining.
Been a while since I read the book and was glad I decided to pass on the review
This book had me hooked from the beginning to the end.
You couldn't have asked for better characters, plot, and ending.
Loved the teaser ending.
I thought a heart surgeon, a smart.
Mouth teenager, and a musician... no way but they blended together perfectly.
Great book!
Would recommend Abigail Stein to other romance readers.
Has a certain appeal that keeps you coming back for more.
Have always enjoyed her work.
I loved it and it made me cry with happiness for them.
I was able to get into the story.
I really enjoyed this book.
The characters were interesting... real... and I enjoyed their interaction with each other.
I love there to be sexual tension in a romance and this had plenty of that.
Would definitely read more of this author's work.
This book was well written..
I loved the characters.
The author made them seem very real like they were someone you know or wanted to know better.
Great story about a rock star and a doctor and his teenage daughter.
About mending broken hearts and broken relationships.
I would recommend this book.
A really good book
It is a very easy read.
Something you can drift off to and escape your current busy life.
It will give you nice thoughts
A pretty good story about two people who had lives that were just about themselves.
Could they change and come together and love each other?
You'll have to find out.
Really good book.
In fact I've read it twice now (couldn't find anything new to read :).
Love the chemistry between the main characters and it was really sweet how the relationship between father and daughter progressed.
Great story to get lost in for a few hours.
I normally skip right over the overtly sexual parts of romance stories but Abigail Strom did a great job of building a great story within these scenes.
Is it possible for two people that are so different to fall in love?
One a doctor the other a musician.
With the demands from both of their careers they have a choice to make.
This book will draw you in with just the right amount of romance and real life emotions. highly recommended
These characters were very believable.
The daughter was a typical teenager.
And the idea of teaching a new dog an old trick was done I a nice way.
I finished this book in one day!
Couldn't put it down.
The story was so intense.
I couldn't wait to find out what happened!
Good good good good good really good and was entertaining.
Been a while since I read the book and was glad I decided to pass on the review
Loved this book!
It was a well written love story that did not get boring at all.
I read it all in one day.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
The characters were rich and came to life on the page.
This is the first book I have read in the series.
I am reading The Landry Family next!
Easy to follow, modern and very true to today's issues.
It was a little one dimensional on settings, as most everything happens in his or her house.
When I review a book that I didn't like I would list all the reasons why I thought the book sucked.
I thoroughly enjoyed 'Cross My Heart', the three main characters are Jenna a former rock star who thinks true freedom is taking off whenever the mood strikes and not letting a man be the center of your universe.
Michael, a surgeon, father, and sort of emotional cripple; never learned to share himself with the most prominent people in his life until he meets Jenna.
Then you have Claire a rebellious 14 year old who thinks that her father is just doing his fatherly duty for the summer and doesn't genuinely want her around.
The three of them become absorbed with each other, finding a family that they longed for without realizing that a true family is what they wanted all along.
What I like most about the story, Jenna wasn't just waiting around for love to fall into her lap like most of the romances out there.
She was living her life, making plans for the future, and out of nowhere, a love like she had never felt walked into her life.
She didn't embrace this new love with open arms because she didn't want to abandon her life as a musician.
Until he met Jenna, Michael never had so much passion for a woman before; not his ex-wife or his last girlfriend, maybe that's why they both left him.
They knew that he would never forsake the wall he had on his emotions or love them enough to them in his heart.
Of course, the book ends with Jenna and Michael realizing that they complete each other and that their love was worth any sacrifice for them to be together.
Could hardly put it down.
Held my interest.
Moved along quickly.
Was never bored.
Always ready to see where it was going.
I was pleasantly surprised with this book.
It was different than most.
Had a good story line.
It brought and held my interest.
Excellent read!
REALLY LOVED THIS BOOK.
WILL READ MORE BOOKS BY ABIBAIL STORM.
I REALLY GOT INTO READING AND DID NOT WANT TO LAY THIS BOOK DOWN.
Very Suprising!!
I loved it!
Do not know why this book is free but thanks amazon..
Great read for romance fans.
Enjoyed the character development, the personal growth in all 3 main characters.
It was the perfect love story!!
I will definitely read more by Abigail storm!
The characters were well-developed and very likable.
The story was excellent and heart-warming.
I'll read more books by Abigail Strom.
This book kept me reading until I finished it.
Easy to follow, modern and very true to today's issues.
It was a little one dimensional on settings, as most everything happens in his or her house.
When I review a book that I didn't like I would list all the reasons why I thought the book sucked.
I thoroughly enjoyed 'Cross My Heart', the three main characters are Jenna a former rock star who thinks true freedom is taking off whenever the mood strikes and not letting a man be the center of your universe.
Michael, a surgeon, father, and sort of emotional cripple; never learned to share himself with the most prominent people in his life until he meets Jenna.
Then you have Claire a rebellious 14 year old who thinks that her father is just doing his fatherly duty for the summer and doesn't genuinely want her around.
The three of them become absorbed with each other, finding a family that they longed for without realizing that a true family is what they wanted all along.
What I like most about the story, Jenna wasn't just waiting around for love to fall into her lap like most of the romances out there.
She was living her life, making plans for the future, and out of nowhere, a love like she had never felt walked into her life.
She didn't embrace this new love with open arms because she didn't want to abandon her life as a musician.
Until he met Jenna, Michael never had so much passion for a woman before; not his ex-wife or his last girlfriend, maybe that's why they both left him.
They knew that he would never forsake the wall he had on his emotions or love them enough to them in his heart.
Of course, the book ends with Jenna and Michael realizing that they complete each other and that their love was worth any sacrifice for them to be together.
Could hardly put it down.
Held my interest.
Moved along quickly.
Was never bored.
Always ready to see where it was going.
I was pleasantly surprised with this book.
It was different than most.
Had a good story line.
It brought and held my interest.
Excellent read!
REALLY LOVED THIS BOOK.
WILL READ MORE BOOKS BY ABIBAIL STORM.
I REALLY GOT INTO READING AND DID NOT WANT TO LAY THIS BOOK DOWN.
Very Suprising!!
I loved it!
Do not know why this book is free but thanks amazon..
Great read for romance fans.
Enjoyed the character development, the personal growth in all 3 main characters.
It was the perfect love story!!
I will definitely read more by Abigail storm!
The characters were well-developed and very likable.
The story was excellent and heart-warming.
I'll read more books by Abigail Strom.
This book kept me reading until I finished it.
I liked this book.
It had serious subjects but also light and warm moments.
It also was hot!
This one I might read again.
I love the modern theme and plot of this book.
I would recommend it to my friends.
The plot was very fast moving and got my interest from the very beginning of the book.
Liked this novel and the way the story ended.
I would recommend this novel to anyone who likes reading romances.
A lovely and romantic love story , I look forward to reading the rest of the books by Abigail Storm .
As a free download, I wasn't expecting this book to be as good as it is, but I really enjoyed it.
The writing is very good, there is a lot of character development, and the romance is very sweet and real.
It was also nice to read about characters who were a little older, as it seems recently that most romances revolve around teenagers and people in their very early 20's.
I am in my 30's, so I enjoy reading stories about characters closer to my own age.
OHMYGAWD!!
OHMYGAWD!!
This had the sweetest plot the most romantic storyline and the most heartfelt content what a perfect way to spend a Friday, reading this entertaining masterpiece.
All I can say Is thank you Abigail Strom!!!
Really enjoyed this read and falling for Michael and Jenna.
I found myself laughing at many different points with Michael's relationship with his daughter, reminded me of me and my dad.
The right balance of everything.
Ready to see what else Ms. Strom shares with us!
Michael Stone is trying to cope with his teen-aged daughter when the next-door neighbor give him clues and a little "music" education.
Surgeon Michael is determined to be indifferent to musician Jenna Landry even though daughter Claire is star-struck.
Romance and parenting advice follow these three characters as they turn their lives around.
Charming and well-written, this elegant tale allows you to become a part of their life adventure. *****
I really enjoyed this book.
Totally believable characters with flaws that we all have.
Wonderful story with humor, romance, sadness and happiness.
Will definitely read Abigail Strom's other books.
This is my first time reading one of Abigail Strom novels and I am hooked.
I fell in love with the characters and her writing.
I cannot wait to read the next book!
Left me crying at the end to know they were always thinking the same thing about one another.
But nothing I could do but keep reading to see if they would finally get together.
This book is a very good love story about two very opposite people in world that see that there is a way for love , friendship and togetherness can happen.
It was for all intent and purpose a sweet love story.
The characters were good and strong, the sex scenes not fire hot but warm.
In all a great book to escape reality with if only for a few hours and you know that all the problems will be workout if not solved in the end.
I loved the hero he had to learn to open up and not let the fear of losing keep everything outside.
As a free download, I wasn't expecting this book to be as good as it is, but I really enjoyed it.
The writing is very good, there is a lot of character development, and the romance is very sweet and real.
It was also nice to read about characters who were a little older, as it seems recently that most romances revolve around teenagers and people in their very early 20's.
I am in my 30's, so I enjoy reading stories about characters closer to my own age.
OHMYGAWD!!
OHMYGAWD!!
This had the sweetest plot the most romantic storyline and the most heartfelt content what a perfect way to spend a Friday, reading this entertaining masterpiece.
All I can say Is thank you Abigail Strom!!!
Really enjoyed this read and falling for Michael and Jenna.
I found myself laughing at many different points with Michael's relationship with his daughter, reminded me of me and my dad.
The right balance of everything.
Ready to see what else Ms. Strom shares with us!
Michael Stone is trying to cope with his teen-aged daughter when the next-door neighbor give him clues and a little "music" education.
Surgeon Michael is determined to be indifferent to musician Jenna Landry even though daughter Claire is star-struck.
Romance and parenting advice follow these three characters as they turn their lives around.
Charming and well-written, this elegant tale allows you to become a part of their life adventure. *****
I really enjoyed this book.
Totally believable characters with flaws that we all have.
Wonderful story with humor, romance, sadness and happiness.
Will definitely read Abigail Strom's other books.
This is my first time reading one of Abigail Strom novels and I am hooked.
I fell in love with the characters and her writing.
I cannot wait to read the next book!
Left me crying at the end to know they were always thinking the same thing about one another.
But nothing I could do but keep reading to see if they would finally get together.
This book is a very good love story about two very opposite people in world that see that there is a way for love , friendship and togetherness can happen.
It was for all intent and purpose a sweet love story.
The characters were good and strong, the sex scenes not fire hot but warm.
In all a great book to escape reality with if only for a few hours and you know that all the problems will be workout if not solved in the end.
I loved the hero he had to learn to open up and not let the fear of losing keep everything outside.
I love heartwarming stories, where people are drawn together,and they each need something the other can give.
In this story,there are three people who need to be a family, but they're eachfighting against it, the doctor, the rock star, and the teenager.
Very romantic and sweet.
I recommend this book.
Bonnie Drury, author of The Ata Bita Pie Cafe
Very nice and neither of the characters were whiney (as is the case in many romance novels).
I enjoyed the sweet way the independent characters interacted.
I absolutely loved this story.
An opposites attract love story.
Funny, sad, and magical.
I highly recommend this author.
The writing had me hooked from page one.
This one actually seemed real.
I Loved it!
Might even read it a second time, which is rare for me to do with a romance.
This book is amazing, the romance is spectacular and everything turns out amazing in the end.
I love this book.
Finally, a really well written charming romance, with believable characters that tug at your heart strings and keep you turning the pages.
I can't wait to read Strom's other books.
Funny, scary, thrilling, heart breaking, sexy, loving, this was truly a wonderful story, I loved it so much I read it all day.
I have enjoyed reading this book.
The reality of life where dealing with a teenaged daughter can be lot easier with a hot rock star living next door.
This is a fun book to read.
It's a plus that these book is clear of grammar slip ups.
I enjoyed reading it too.
I wasn't very sure about reading this book.
I liked that it wasn't the typical story bad boy and good girl but the other way round.
I like how it is a romance but also deals with the difficulty parents have to connect with their adolescent children.
Nice!
This is a good read.
Not your normal contemporary romance.
A reserved surgeon that is a perfectionist, a free spirit that flows to her own tune and a snarky teen that mettles (but in a good way!)
You won't be disappointed.
This was a very good book was definitely one you wanna finish and put down.
I would recommend that if you like romance novels that you read this one.
I loved this book.
I can't wait to read the others by Abigail Strom.
Hoping the rest of this set is as this book.
Who doesn't love a good romance novel.
This book is amazing, the romance is spectacular and everything turns out amazing in the end.
I love this book.
Finally, a really well written charming romance, with believable characters that tug at your heart strings and keep you turning the pages.
I can't wait to read Strom's other books.
Funny, scary, thrilling, heart breaking, sexy, loving, this was truly a wonderful story, I loved it so much I read it all day.
I have enjoyed reading this book.
The reality of life where dealing with a teenaged daughter can be lot easier with a hot rock star living next door.
This is a fun book to read.
It's a plus that these book is clear of grammar slip ups.
I enjoyed reading it too.
I wasn't very sure about reading this book.
I liked that it wasn't the typical story bad boy and good girl but the other way round.
I like how it is a romance but also deals with the difficulty parents have to connect with their adolescent children.
Nice!
This is a good read.
Not your normal contemporary romance.
A reserved surgeon that is a perfectionist, a free spirit that flows to her own tune and a snarky teen that mettles (but in a good way!)
You won't be disappointed.
This was a very good book was definitely one you wanna finish and put down.
I would recommend that if you like romance novels that you read this one.
I loved this book.
I can't wait to read the others by Abigail Strom.
Hoping the rest of this set is as this book.
Who doesn't love a good romance novel.
This is a great and touching story.
I recommend it, and I was able to finish it in a day.
I found that when I put the book down, I could hardly wait to get back to it.
Good character development.
Great love story.
This is one of my favorites.
It is a must read and I would read it again.
This short romance story is a quick and fun read.
Nicely paced and edited.
I really enjoyed the musical references.
This was an excellent book.
Danielle Steele is one of my favorite authors.
Enjoyed reading her book on my new Kindle HD.
Good fun read.
You can really feel the energy and chemistry between the characters.
Keeps you drawn in until the last second!
I can't remember reading a book with such well defined characters.
All of the characters in this book have so many layers and so believable that you forget you are reading a book.
Their journey will take you places that most authors just dream about taking the reader.
It is rare to have such strong characters that they can stand alone or with each other.
As they learn about each other, they are also on a journey of self discovery.
Even if they don' t end up together you know it will be OK, but the way it does end will lead the reader into some self discovery of their own.
This is a delightful book and you will want to recommend it to everyone you know.
This is the first Abigail Strom novel that I've read.
I absolutely loved Jenna and Michael's story.
It was one of those books I just couldn't put down.
This is one of my most favorite books that I have read this year.
I highly recommend this to any one who loves romance.
Having plans, great, but what if something unexpected happens?
Do they stick to their individual plans or go with the heart?
Advice from those close will be of benefit.
This book held my interest to the end, as I was curious to know what each character would finally decide to do.
Nice storyline and kept my interest the whole time.
Goes along the old saying how opposites attract.
A good read.
Great read, very believable!!!
Abigail Storm has now become one of my nee favorite romance novelists!
Can't wait to read more from her!
I CHOOSE THIS RATING BECAUSE IT WAS A NICE "FEEL GOOD" STORY TO READ ON A BLUSTERY WINTER DAY.
IT WAS SWEET AND POSITIVE.
This is the first Abigail Strom novel that I've read.
I absolutely loved Jenna and Michael's story.
It was one of those books I just couldn't put down.
This is one of my most favorite books that I have read this year.
I highly recommend this to any one who loves romance.
Having plans, great, but what if something unexpected happens?
Do they stick to their individual plans or go with the heart?
Advice from those close will be of benefit.
This book held my interest to the end, as I was curious to know what each character would finally decide to do.
Nice storyline and kept my interest the whole time.
Goes along the old saying how opposites attract.
A good read.
Great read, very believable!!!
Abigail Storm has now become one of my nee favorite romance novelists!
Can't wait to read more from her!
I CHOOSE THIS RATING BECAUSE IT WAS A NICE "FEEL GOOD" STORY TO READ ON A BLUSTERY WINTER DAY.
IT WAS SWEET AND POSITIVE.
I enjoyed reading this book.
It's the kind of book you want to read at the beach or on a rainy afternoon.
Nothing special just a cute story.
I really liked this book!
It show courage and how no matter how famous you are you are still human and don't have to act all high and mighty.
It has a cute love story in it and it brings a daughter and a father together
Almost afraid people would stay away but the writing is intelligent but enjoyable.
The story heartwarming and the characters lovable.
Glad I picked up the book.
This is a nice, light read with a fun romance.
The relationships are genuine and realistic.
The characters are lovable.
I enjoyed this story of finding love where you least expected it.
Loved how Michael was able to overcome his fears of rejection and opened his heart to find happiness not only with Jenna, but also with his daughter Claire.
The characters were well-drawn and interesting.
I found myself really caring about what happened - although, since it was a romance, I was fairly sure what was going to happen.
The author managed to make the journey from page one to page "the end" interesting, which is an art.
The dialogue is realistic, and the characters are more than just stereotypes.
What does it say that I just purchased the rest of the series about the Landry family?
A cool story about a rock star ans a doctor who finally find their common path to share their lives.
Good writing, cool characters make it fun and different reading
This is by far the best free book I have ever read.
I would of paid money for this book, it was really good.
Dr. Stone was SO yummy:) His love for Jenna and his daughter was to die for!
I loved Jenna so much, she was one of the best h I've read in a long time.
I highly recommend this book, if you like a Great love story w/ lots of sizzling chemistry:)
When your reading the story, its like your right there, so involved.
It was hard for me to put the book down.
When my eyes got tired, I usually stopped at the next chapter.
A perfect ending.
Happily ever after.
They both did get what they wanted, each other.
I loved this story.
It wade a great book.
I couldn't put it down.
I wish there were real men like Michael.
This is a love story, and a story about his daughter who wishes that she didn't have to visit her doctor/father until she discovers who is living next door to him and tries to match up her father.
Some interesting events happen when they plan to surprise her father who was working in free day clinic and the daughter catches the other side of her father when the neighbour and daughter were caught in a volatile situation with a drug addict
The entire story just melts your heart till you feel like a big pile of goop.
The romance is a combination of sweet and sexy and the characters feel real.
Really good book!
Excellent love story!
I loved how showing compassion to others can help ease the pain we sometimes go through.
Giving to others makes us feel better.
I like to read and it is interesting and tells something about music as well as romance so fills my time.
I really enjoyed this book.
It is truely a "if you love it (someone) let them go... maybe it will come back" type of book.
This book was fun and quirky.
Realistic dialogue and plot brought this book to life.
If you are looking for some light reading, this is it.
This is written by Clyde's wife not Clyde.
I enjoyed this.
I don't usually read romance but this was cute.
First book I've read by this author.
I enjoyed the storyline andthe way the story progressed.
I can't wait to read more of herbooks.
I love a good romance, and this book defiantly had romance among other things.
Friendships, relationships, arguments, serious love making and just plain love!
I would recommend this book to all my adult friends!
The story was very interesting and if you are a parent of a teenager you will for sure relate to this story.
This was a nice story about two people who fall madly in love with one another.
I definitely felt the attraction that they conveyed.
Could not stop reading until there was no more to read.
Enjoyed it very much!
Want to read about the rest of the Landry family.
Single Dr. Dad has his daughter visit for a week.
Tension all around.
Then the meet the next door neighbor, Jenna, who is a musician.
Claire become the matchmaker.
Easy Read, Sweet Story.
I can't tell you the last time I read a book; it's quite shameful really.
I downloaded this book to my E-Reader & I couldn't put it down.
The journeys each of the characters take you through are genuine; you could feel every emotion with each turn of the page.
I am glad I chose this as my first book to begin reading again because now I am addicted and certainly will be working my way through all of Abigail's books.
Enjoy!
I chose a 5 star rating because it was intriguing and made me want to keep reading.
Love the characters.
Little graphic in parts.
But, overall a good book.
This was a nice story about two people who fall madly in love with one another.
I definitely felt the attraction that they conveyed.
Could not stop reading until there was no more to read.
Enjoyed it very much!
Want to read about the rest of the Landry family.
Single Dr. Dad has his daughter visit for a week.
Tension all around.
Then the meet the next door neighbor, Jenna, who is a musician.
Claire become the matchmaker.
Easy Read, Sweet Story.
I can't tell you the last time I read a book; it's quite shameful really.
I downloaded this book to my E-Reader & I couldn't put it down.
The journeys each of the characters take you through are genuine; you could feel every emotion with each turn of the page.
I am glad I chose this as my first book to begin reading again because now I am addicted and certainly will be working my way through all of Abigail's books.
Enjoy!
I chose a 5 star rating because it was intriguing and made me want to keep reading.
Love the characters.
Little graphic in parts.
But, overall a good book.
This book had me intrigued from the beginning and I could hardly put it down.
I will definitely be reading more from her.
I devoured this book in one sitting ; not even my rumbling stomach motivated me to step away from my kindle..
Cross my Heart has just the right amount of spice; humour; fun and the awesome storyline keeps you engaged from beginning to end....
I grasped a lot of realistic principles from this book I'm on a fabulous "high" right now lol..
I appreciated the coming together of this beautiful story.
I appauld the author's creativity; charm and wit which was delivered seamlessly in this masterpiece..
What ya'll waiting on?
Go get it :) -Happy Reading!!
I love a good story, and this is one.
Made me smile, brought a tear to my eye, made me care about the characters.
Read it in one day!
I'll be watching for Abigail Strom again.
I love the dialogue between the girl and her father.
The teenage angst and moodswings come through perfectly.
The relationship between Jenna and Michael is great.
They show how they can complement one another and teach each other to grow and try new things - being friends and not just lovers.
I enjoyed the diversity of the characters and the story.
The love scenes were hot and tender.
I really liked the openness of the daughter and fathers new relationship.
Just as cute as I expected and the daughter was refreshingly well written.
I love the idea of a rocker chick as the heroine!
This book was quite charming.
The characters were enjoyable and their interactions were fun.
The ending was pleasing but the author needs to work on how long a minute is and how often she uses it.
This book kept me interested from beginning to end.
It is great to read a book that can make you laugh and cry
First i remember saying those words as a teenager ..
I HATE YOU.. but as things worked out for the good..
I wish this book would never end.. i would take my kindle everywhere i went to get to read a few pages of this book i hated to put it down..
I want to read more books like this it was never a boring spot in the whole book ... its like seeing everyday life teenagers going thur stuff , death , and making life decisions in your life ..
Great book and author.. luv it !!!!!!!!
This is a short romance novel, but there is still plenty of characterization and plot.
It was a light, fun read, and I look forward to reading more by this author.
Great fast read.
I liked this book because the story is a very good romance.
People will like this book because the story is a great romance and the family is in there too.
A real page turner!
Loved the way he set her free and she opened his eyes to the best of life!!!!!
This book was a great book about two people that were completely opposites but found a way to fall in love.
I really enjoyed watching this happened.
Great addition to the series.
I enjoyed this book.
I liked how they both learn from each other.
Keeping short and sweet.
It's a good read.
This was such a good story!
I loved every part of it, especially the chemistry.
Not only between Michael and Jenna, but also between Jenna, Michael, and Claire all together!
Great story!!(:
Great story.
Have recommended it to several friends.
Liked the first book and this was just as good.
Planning on reading the other two in the series.
This was one of the best books I've read in a long time.
The author, Abigail really made you fall in love with the characters.
I couldn't put this book down.
I can't wait to read more of her work.
This was a very cute story.
I read the entire book in 2 days.
I really enjoyed it and will recommend it to friends.
Cross My Heart is an excellent story, the writer had me and I could not put the book down, I read it in one day.
Highly recommend.
I loved this story so much.
I feel in love with the characters and felt everything they felt.
I cried and laughed with them.
What a happy ending.
I had a hard time putting this book down, when it was time to eat or run an errand.
It's amazing, the author, did an amazing job.
Cudos to her.
I am going to read another one of her books now.
Which, I'm looking forward too.
I really enjoyed the book.
It was hard to put down.
Great characters and well written plot.
Great vacation read.
I thoroughly LOVED this book!
I even got teary-eyed a time or two... which IS NOT like me.
The story was good, characters realistic and believable... definitely the perfect story of love and the willingness of what you'd give up for the person you do love.
Enjoyed this book.
Want to read more by this author.
It was a nice easy read and I liked reading it on my new fire.
I REALLY LIKED THIS STORY.
THERE WERE A FEW VERY HOT SCENES.
I ALSO LIKED HOW THE CHARACTERS ALL GREW AND FOUND BETTER VERSIONS OF THEMSELVES.
I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO THE OTHER BOOKS IN THE SERIES.
This was a very cute story.
I read the entire book in 2 days.
I really enjoyed it and will recommend it to friends.
Cross My Heart is an excellent story, the writer had me and I could not put the book down, I read it in one day.
Highly recommend.
I loved this story so much.
I feel in love with the characters and felt everything they felt.
I cried and laughed with them.
What a happy ending.
I had a hard time putting this book down, when it was time to eat or run an errand.
It's amazing, the author, did an amazing job.
Cudos to her.
I am going to read another one of her books now.
Which, I'm looking forward too.
I really enjoyed the book.
It was hard to put down.
Great characters and well written plot.
Great vacation read.
I thoroughly LOVED this book!
I even got teary-eyed a time or two... which IS NOT like me.
The story was good, characters realistic and believable... definitely the perfect story of love and the willingness of what you'd give up for the person you do love.
Enjoyed this book.
Want to read more by this author.
It was a nice easy read and I liked reading it on my new fire.
I REALLY LIKED THIS STORY.
THERE WERE A FEW VERY HOT SCENES.
I ALSO LIKED HOW THE CHARACTERS ALL GREW AND FOUND BETTER VERSIONS OF THEMSELVES.
I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO THE OTHER BOOKS IN THE SERIES.
I like how they both don't think they can have both love and a career and fight their love.
Michael being afraid to be a dad to his motherless daughter.
Very touching novel.
Michael &Jenna's story warmed my heart.
I loved the idea that he loved her enough not to try &hold her back
I like the light-heart story and the interaction of the characters in the story.
It was a good book to unwind with.
Jenna is amazing.
Michael is just a hottie on fire.
Great chemistry and such a romantic story.
Loved Claire!!
Must read!
I love getting freebie kindle books, some are good and some are wonderful.
This one was Wonderful!
I fell in love with the characters and was rooting for the Happily Ever After.
They were so different, yet so good together.
A real feel good love story that had me smiling at times and tearing up at others.
It was very well written and it wasn't too short, yet I read it in one sitting.
Now I know what everyone means when they say "I couldn't put this book down"!
Yes, I did get this book for free, but I would have definitely paid full price for it!!!
I loved it!!
The story was funny but so heartfelt at the same time.
I love the way Abigail worded the conversations, they actually seemed like things people would say!
I've read a lot of romance novels and so many of them have really bad conversations, but not this one.
Now I have another author to read and I will be going to a bookstore to find the rest of her books.
When I first started reading I wasn't sure that I would stick with it.
The story started out slow, but quickly picked up and kept me interested til the end.
It's a wonderful book about believing in yourself and knowing that you can always change no matter how old you are.
Sweet story line... it was predictable yet still kept you hooked in until the end.. some parts were not appropriate for Tibet readers I felt by great for a young adult..
Nicely written, it moved right along.
The few scenes of love-making were also very well done.
The lead characters, though the standard ripped, gorgeous, and successful and beautiful, sexy, and successful, felt like real people rather than the usual genre constructs.
I would have liked to see more of the father-daughter interaction given we all remember what we were like, and what our own teens were like, at fourteen, but what there was rang so true.
Clearly the author remembered her own teen years.
It's a sweet story and as of today, it's still a free download but if it's not when you read this, buy it anyway.
You won't be disappointed.
Enjoyed this book a lot it was hard to put it down.
I will read alot more from this author.
CROSS MY HEART was a sweet read about the choices we make and where they can take you in life.
Michael Stone and Jenna Landry couldn't be more different, but when a summer brings them together, they find themselves re-evaluating what they want in life.
Michael starts to establish a relationship with is 14 year old daughter and Jenna has the opportunity to get back with her band.
The question is, can they find a balance?
This was a very good book!
Romantic, funny and sexy it was,very entertaining and a quick read.
I will definitely read more.
Sweet story line... it was predictable yet still kept you hooked in until the end.. some parts were not appropriate for Tibet readers I felt by great for a young adult..
Nicely written, it moved right along.
The few scenes of love-making were also very well done.
The lead characters, though the standard ripped, gorgeous, and successful and beautiful, sexy, and successful, felt like real people rather than the usual genre constructs.
I would have liked to see more of the father-daughter interaction given we all remember what we were like, and what our own teens were like, at fourteen, but what there was rang so true.
Clearly the author remembered her own teen years.
It's a sweet story and as of today, it's still a free download but if it's not when you read this, buy it anyway.
You won't be disappointed.
Enjoyed this book a lot it was hard to put it down.
I will read alot more from this author.
CROSS MY HEART was a sweet read about the choices we make and where they can take you in life.
Michael Stone and Jenna Landry couldn't be more different, but when a summer brings them together, they find themselves re-evaluating what they want in life.
Michael starts to establish a relationship with is 14 year old daughter and Jenna has the opportunity to get back with her band.
The question is, can they find a balance?
This was a very good book!
Romantic, funny and sexy it was,very entertaining and a quick read.
I will definitely read more.
I honestly thought this was going to be a little too "happy-go-lucky" for me but it was free so I thought I'd give it try.
I have to admit that I really enjoyed the story.
It was sweet and original and I loved both the main characters.
There were also lots of fun details about music, cooking, etc, that made the story even more interesting.
Great read.
I would definitely read more by this author.
This book was a sweet tale of love and finding it where you least expect it.
I will definitely be reading more from this author!
I loved this book.
The characters where great!
I especially loved Claire and how her relationship with Michael improved.
Would definitely recommend.
Great read.
This book was so hard to put down.
It had just the right amount of love, and a dash of sexy.
I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good heart-wrenched love story.
Enjoyed the story - it did pull you in.
Anyone with a teenager can relate to the stress of getting them to relate to you.
The writing was decent and the characters had some depth.
I would read this author again.
This was a free kindle book.
This was truly one of the best stories I've ever read.
I love how Jenna brought Michael to life and brought him and Claire back together.
I loved everything about this beautiful story.
Must read all.
Could not put it down and truly one of my top favorite books!
Sweet romantic story without the drama that I was able to finish in one night.
A breath of fresh air!
This was an easy sweet read with good characters and plot.
I really enjoyed it alot and I want to read more by this author.
It was very light, romantic, and sexy story.
I truly enjoyed every page of it.
Loved the characters as well.
Oh my go I love this book it kept me on my toes the whole time!!
I just wish it was a longer than it actually was!!
A heartwarming and terrific story.
Definitely one I will read again!!
It gives new meaning to the word compromise.
Great.
Enjoyed reading this very romantic read, very well written.
Enjoyed the medical/music combination. ........ ... ... .. ... ... ...
The characters really make you want them to find a way to be together.
The fact that they do and become a family,too, is very touching.
I enjoyed reading this book.
Abigail strom you are an awesome author I hope you keep writing because I will keep reading I love this book:) ¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really enjoyed reading this book!
Finished it in less than a day because I couldn't put it down!
Worthy of my time.
This book made my day!
I enjoyed everything about this book!
Characters were wonderful, especially Claire.
The.
The relationship between Michael & Claire made an amazing story.
Abigail Strom is a great new romance writer.
I have read four of her books, and each is a well crafted story.
This book is definitely worth a read!
As the story begins, Dr. Michael Stone is picking up his 14-year-old daughter Claire from the airport for her two-week summer visit.
Typical teenager that hates her father puts on her drama-queen demeanor and fights with her father the whole way home.
Until they get to the house and Claire spots her dad's next door neighbor Jenna Landry--one of the most renowned musicians of Claire's favorite bands.
Even though Dr. Stone doesn't know his neighbor (or anything about pop music), he will get the nerve to go over and ask her over for dinner as a favor.
For you see, he is desperate at this point to get in good graces with his daughter because he just can't seem to please her no matter what he does.
When Jenna comes over to dine that evening (and it will the first of many), Claire is ecstatic, and her entire personality changes to pleasantries.
Michael is so pleased with the outcome; he believes he actually has a chance with his daughter.
Also, he is very much attracted to Jenna, and that intensifies the story that much more.
Even though they are complete opposites, and it will not be until further on in the story as they spend more time together, Jenna and Michael will eventually explode in each other's arms with the most exquisite erogenous passion that two people could ever endure.
In the end, well you'll just have to read this book to find out, but it will definitely leave a smile on your face...
I do love a good happily-ever-after read.
All the characters are so delightful and true to life; amazing theme and plot to the story; and an overall well-written, enjoyable read... simply charming!
Highly Recommend!
I liked this book, and I loved the male lead.
He was warm, caring, and vulnerable.
We are treated to his point of view several times--just wonderful.
His daughter was great too ... and believable.
I didn't relate to the female lead as much, but I still liked her.
She was a rock star and he was a surgeon???
Go figure.
It was a good book though, positive and upbeat, even with a bit of drama thrown in.
I'm not sure how the title relates, though.
I really enjoyed this story.
I figured it would be a bit of fluff, but I found myself really caring about the characters in the story and loved the family dynamic of it all.
I'm glad I decided to read the story!
-Read on Kindle-Sweet romance novel with subplot about the mans daughter and their relationship.
Definitely worth the dollar I spent on it.
Editing was good, writing was good.
Typical silly similes and analogies, but that's to be expected in a romance.
Heart-warming, and I was instantly engaged.
I literally read it in once sitting.
Doctor with estranged teenage daughter falls for hot ex-rockstar neighbor.
She helps him mend his relationship with his daughter, they both get over past issues so that they can have a healthy relationship and everyone is happy in the end.
Hard to hate that.
Cross My Heart was an exciting, hot & sexy romance book that I could not stop reading.
I finished it in one night.
I loved the story line and the characters seemed so real.
Too bad my hubby was asleep when I was reading the hot parts.
It was a great aphradisiac.
I may have to read these more often as it will be really great for our love life.
I loved this book.
I couldn't put it down.
However, the end and resolutation came kind of abruptly.
Even though, I wouldn't have chosen any other ending, I think it needed a bit more realism.
This was such a touching book. sexy but heartwarming too, with the teenage daughter. i'm glad i was able to find it for such a deal price on amazon! love my new kindle.
I always love reading about great dads.
This is a Dad with a teenage daughter and he is trying to build a relationship with her.
Add the sexy neighbor who was a popular guitarist in a band, and you have the makings of one romantic tale.
As the adults hit it off, they both think about the the daughter and help her through some of her teenage trials.
I really like how the daughter plays a part throughout the story.
You definitely feel this is a true relationship with both characters bringing out the best in their counterpart.
Problems arise and are overcome in a realistic way.
This is definitely a feel good story that I will enjoy rereading time and time again.
I'm glad I paid $.99 for this book before I read it and then was asked to pay what I thought it was worth.
This was an easy and enjoyable read.
It moved at an excellent pace and I didn't feel like I knew what was coming next and that's really all I need to absolutely enjoy a book.
This is WELL worth the money!
This book is worth so much more than the 99 cents I paid for it.
I stayed up until 3 am the night I bought it.
I had been let down after reading a poorly written supposed romance book and thought I would read this for an hour.
I couldn't put it down.
The honest and detailed love shared by the characters really whisked me away and had me ready to project the feeling and emotions into my own relationship.
Great read!
I can't say I agree with the other 5 star reviews for this book.
It's OK and I'm glad it was a freebie but it hasn't made me want to read the other books in the series.
Jenna Landry is a former rock musician and is getting ready to start a new job and a new life in L. A. She is currently back in her hometown for the summer house sitting for her Auntie.
Her next door neighbour is Surgeon, Michael Stone.
Michael has a daughter Claire who has come to stay with him (reluctantly) for the summer.
She doesn't live with Michael but with her grandparents.
Michael and his daughter don't have the best of relationships and she is not happy that she has had to come and stay with him when she wanted to go away to summer camp.
When Claire notices Jenna is his new neighbour and tells him who she is and about her rock star status, to try to improve Claire's mood, he invites Jenna to dinner.
I was slightly put off at Michael making dinner... first he was chopping Radishes for his salad then he was fussing over his dinner table and if it looked OK!!
Michael and Jenna are attracted to each other but decide not to have a relationship as she will soon be leaving and going on a reunion tour with her old band.
They agree on a one night stand... the book has a few sex scenes and my worries about domesticated Michael were put to rest when he was in the bedroom!!
Obviously after the one night stand they are still madly attracted to each other but must go through the normal 'apart' period before they realise that love can overcome any obstacle and they can be together and have their HEA.
Michael also learns how to be a better father.
The book was a bit boring and predictable for me and I didn't really care either way for the H or H.
The book is just ok.
Very predictable.
It wasn't a bad read- but it wasn't a good read.
Just so so.
It was free so can't complain too much
My goal for the year is read as many romance novels as I have time for, last year was Reacher, Rapp and the Baldacci gang.
Thanks to a 2 week vacation to start the year, I have read close to 40 already and this is the best one I have read so far.
I started it yesterday while making dinner and I was so drawn in by the writing, I couldnt go to bed without finishing it.
I was totally taken with Michael and his attraction to Jenna as well as his relationship with his teenaged daughter.
I really thought the author did a great job with the character dialogue as well as their thoughts.
Realistic conversations, a little bit of jealousy, the right amount of sexy plus much romance, I actually has tears in my eyes reading about the surprise evening.
I was also pleased with the ending.
I am finding that in too many of the books I'm reading in this genre, the author rushes the ending and I didnt feel that the author did this time.
I am definitely looking forward to reading many more of Abigail's books.
I read this book in a day.
That just proves how good these books are!
Abigail, keep up the great writing.
Your books are wonderful!
The story dragged.
Didn't feel like I get to know the characters well enough in the beginning to like them.
The plot didn't progress much.
I didn't finish the book, just couldn't get into it.
Liked this story.
I liked the characters.
I liked the relationship between father and daughter and the struggle they both had understanding the other.
The neighbour was a great buffer and love interest for the H. Good read!
I only got up to 10% & I was finding it hard to read, not enjoyable.
I'm not going to waste my time one this book
It was a good book but it could have been more I don't know romancy I guess but other than that it was awesome
I can't say I agree with the other 5 star reviews for this book.
It's OK and I'm glad it was a freebie but it hasn't made me want to read the other books in the series.
Jenna Landry is a former rock musician and is getting ready to start a new job and a new life in L. A. She is currently back in her hometown for the summer house sitting for her Auntie.
Her next door neighbour is Surgeon, Michael Stone.
Michael has a daughter Claire who has come to stay with him (reluctantly) for the summer.
She doesn't live with Michael but with her grandparents.
Michael and his daughter don't have the best of relationships and she is not happy that she has had to come and stay with him when she wanted to go away to summer camp.
When Claire notices Jenna is his new neighbour and tells him who she is and about her rock star status, to try to improve Claire's mood, he invites Jenna to dinner.
I was slightly put off at Michael making dinner... first he was chopping Radishes for his salad then he was fussing over his dinner table and if it looked OK!!
Michael and Jenna are attracted to each other but decide not to have a relationship as she will soon be leaving and going on a reunion tour with her old band.
They agree on a one night stand... the book has a few sex scenes and my worries about domesticated Michael were put to rest when he was in the bedroom!!
Obviously after the one night stand they are still madly attracted to each other but must go through the normal 'apart' period before they realise that love can overcome any obstacle and they can be together and have their HEA.
Michael also learns how to be a better father.
The book was a bit boring and predictable for me and I didn't really care either way for the H or H.
The book is just ok.
Very predictable.
It wasn't a bad read- but it wasn't a good read.
Just so so.
It was free so can't complain too much
My goal for the year is read as many romance novels as I have time for, last year was Reacher, Rapp and the Baldacci gang.
Thanks to a 2 week vacation to start the year, I have read close to 40 already and this is the best one I have read so far.
I started it yesterday while making dinner and I was so drawn in by the writing, I couldnt go to bed without finishing it.
I was totally taken with Michael and his attraction to Jenna as well as his relationship with his teenaged daughter.
I really thought the author did a great job with the character dialogue as well as their thoughts.
Realistic conversations, a little bit of jealousy, the right amount of sexy plus much romance, I actually has tears in my eyes reading about the surprise evening.
I was also pleased with the ending.
I am finding that in too many of the books I'm reading in this genre, the author rushes the ending and I didnt feel that the author did this time.
I am definitely looking forward to reading many more of Abigail's books.
I read this book in a day.
That just proves how good these books are!
Abigail, keep up the great writing.
Your books are wonderful!
The story dragged.
Didn't feel like I get to know the characters well enough in the beginning to like them.
The plot didn't progress much.
I didn't finish the book, just couldn't get into it.
Liked this story.
I liked the characters.
I liked the relationship between father and daughter and the struggle they both had understanding the other.
The neighbour was a great buffer and love interest for the H. Good read!
I only got up to 10% & I was finding it hard to read, not enjoyable.
I'm not going to waste my time one this book
It was a good book but it could have been more I don't know romancy I guess but other than that it was awesome
Have not completed reading, but enjoying it so far.
Can let you know more when I finish the book. sj
I liked this book (even though I bought it by accident).
I don't usually read a lot of romance books, I am more of an erotica book type, but this was interesting. the characters were nicely developed and it was a decent story line. i would recommend this to some of my friends that read romance.
I would also recommend Caught for a steamier read 9if that's what you're into)
This book was very good because it did not just go into the interment parts, but had a story behind it.
It also has a meaning behind it.
The first in Felicity Heaton`s paranormal angel romance series Her Angel, Her Dark Angel is a 30,000 erotic novella which delivers exactly what it promises.
Embittered by her cheating ex-boyfriend and hungry for vengeance, sexy witch Serenity stands near the Eiffel Tower and prays for revenge.
What she doesn't expect is the black-winged angel of death Apollyon to answer her call -- and his willingness to serve her every desire might prove a temptation too hard to resist.
But can she trust him?
And is love between angels and mortals possible?
Her Dark Angel is a perfect, bite-sized hit of (let's face it) smut.
It's a quick, highly erotic, entertaining read.
The story alternates between Serenity and Apollyon's points of view, providing an addictive insight into the blossoming of their relationship, and how both of them fear to admit their feelings.
As expected of any romance, there's a HEA ending, but before you get there be sure to expect a lot of smut.
Also some sexy angel armour, and wings.
Perhaps one of the only critiques I would have of Her Dark Angel specifically is that the numerous sex scenes, one after the other, became a little repetitive and I ended up skimming through a couple.
Furthermore, while the novella promises two conflicts -- the external one of the ex-boyfriend, and the internal one of forbidden love -- only the latter is really explored in any depth.
The revenge upon the ex-boyfriend is, disappointingly, resolved rather quickly.
However, for a 30,000 word story, Her Dark Angel is a tight, cohesive and sultry tale which suggests a fascinating world where angels walk amongst men.
If you like your paranormal romance hot, then this is the book for you.
This is the 3rd book from this author I have read.
I keep wanting to find a reason for the good ratings, but I just cannot see it.
Take this story for example:Our heroine unknowingly uses magic to call an angel to seek vengeance on her cheating ex (no details are ever given of this).
Hmmm, angel seeks revenge on a cheating ex boyfriend.
Seems below his pay grade and petty on her end.
But that isn't what is bad about this story.
After this nothing really happens in this story at all.
They make the ex jealous in a strip club and fall in love.
Filled some pages with mediocre sex.
The End.
Now, I enjoy a good erotic story, but this is not even good erotica.
There is no conflict in this authors stories and no conflict results in a very boring story.
I hate to leave really bad reviews, but I wish someone else had left an honest review before I bought every one of her kindle ebooks based on all the "glowing" reviews I read.
If you are looking for a story with any action, then look elsewhere.
When i started reading this book it was really cool reading about The Angel from hell being able to watch people from a pool, but then he was summond to who he thought was his very own master only to find out was a witch, and she was that powerfull to summon him from her own sorrow from her cheating boyfriend, as the chapters go on..... well it's like an intense porno!
Whhoo hoo... this book has all the romance you can handle, details of how they want each other and can't resist... it was a good book.. check it out..
Apollyon has been living in Hell guarding the bottomless pit, waiting for his master's call.
He longs to fly over Earth again, but his master hasn't called on him in centuries.
When the call finally comes, Apollyon finds he has a new master.
A beautiful woman he had often watched over.
Serenity is shocked when Apollyon appears, claiming she had called him when she had only cast a simple vengeance spell to seek revenge on her cheating ex-boyfriend.
Can Serenity resist her dark angel?
Warning: This book is strictly for adults!
There are scenes of an explicit nature not suitable for younger readers.
This is another series by Felicity Heaton that I love!
Apollyon is the original angel of death, but he has been guarding the bottomless pit for his master for several centuries.
He is very lonely, and passes the time by looking into a special pool of water, watching the people on Earth.
When he hears a call from his master, he answers it.
Serenity is a mortal, but she is also a witch.
When she casts what should be a simple vengeance spell, she it totally unprepared for Apollyon's appearance.
I loved both of these characters, and I was slightly disappointed that the book was so short.
I felt that it could have been a bit longer.
However, I will forgive Felicity, because the story is fantastic (as usual) and has some great moments in it.
The coffee scene made me chuckle!
Apollyon is the perfect dark angel!
The passion between the two characters nearly burns the pages up!
I highly recommend this book if you want to get all hot and bothered!
What I love about Her Dark Angel is that the character Serenity is in control, I love it when women are in control throughout the book.
The other things that I like is that she had a choice to make between her ex and Apollyon, I think that when an Author puts those kind of obstacles in their books, it makes it more interesting.
I love how she, right from the begining, gets to the point of the book, i hate it when it takes two or three chapters to get to the point and understand what is going on.
I love this book, I love this Author, I can't wait to read the next one.
Everyone should read this book it will make you laugh and if you are sentimental it will make you cry, I know I did.
With spell-binding sex scenes, emotions as thick as blankets, and writing that flows effortlessly, Felicity Heaton has created a story that will take you from Hell to Heaven and leave you wanting more.
This short read was one of the best I've read this year.
The author's prose was wonderfully captivating and easy to follow, allowing me to read this book in about 2 hours.
Even though I prefer longer books, this is a great start to her series and I'll be devouring Her Fallen Angel next.
I also love the fact that Felicity has brought a witch and an angel together, even though the angel isn't all halos and sunshine.
He feels real feelings, strong feelings, and the same feelings that humans feel, making it easy to fall head over heels for the dark haired, blue eyed servant.
(Which is one of my favorite combos, btw *wink*) The emotions felt between Apollyh and Serenity are absolutely electrifying, and even though there are some phenomenal sex scenes, the plot isn't left lacking.
This is the first of Felicity Heaton's books that I have read, but I assure you that it will not be the last.
Look for reviews on the rest of this series, and probably any other of her books that I can get my grubby little hands on!
I thought this was a good book It usually takes great writing to keep me interested and this did keep my interest.
There was a lot of adventure and erotic tales along with love..
Good Book I do recommend it.
Her Dark Angel is a lovely romance with several delicious sex scenes.
I'm enjoying angel and demon type books more and more and was far from disappointed with this novella.
It is a quick, easy and very enjoyable read.
The characters are well rounded, especially considering the genre.
I read an earlier negative review refering to conflict, and the lack of it.
There's several points of conflict, a build of climax as well as a tidy resolution.
Perhaps the conflict isn't as gung ho as some pieces of literature, but then again why does it have to be?
This is a paranormal romance novella, not an epic piece of literature.
It quite clearly sets out to entertain readers who enjoy the genre, and is well written to boot!
A thoroughly enjoyable novella.(Apologies for all of the colloquialisms, but sometimes they're just appropriate)
If you are looking for a fun, well written, erotic romance then this title is for you.
I did prefer the character of Apollyon a little more then Serenity but none the less both were likeable in their own ways.
The story worked at a fast pace, which I normally prefer with a story.
I usually prefer a quick, spicy afternoon read, which is what this was.
I would highly recommend this title to all the paranormal erotic romance lovers out there.
This was one of those great reads that is perfect for a relaxing afternoon.
While the storyline was simplistic, it still was an excellent erotic read from start to finish.
For some reason I really wan't a huge fan of the heroine, Serenity, perhaps it was because she was a witch?
I understand that it was an important part of the storyline, but her use of magic seemed to take away from the story for me.
All in all I did love the story and highly recommend it.
Felicity E. Heaton/Her Dark AngelASIN: B00408AQ98Apollyon, the angel of death, is trapped in Hell, guarding the bottomless pit.
He cannot leave unless is master calls him.
When the call finally comes, he is surprised to find not his master, but a beautiful woman.
Serenity is shocked when the dark-winged angel shows up stating she's summoned him with a vengeance spell.
Apollyon tells her that he must obey her.
She wants revenge on her cheating x-boyfriend, but as she spends time with Apollyon, she finds she wants Apollyon more than vengeance.
However, what are the chances a dark angel will fall for a human woman?
This short tale of forbidden love is guaranteed to captivate the reader to the very last page.
Fall under Ms. Heaton's spell and enter her world.
You'll be glad you did.
This is the first book in her Fallen Angels Series, but all her stories can be read alone.
I also recommend her tale, A Vampire for Christmas.
Reviewed for PNR Paranormal Romance Reviews
HOT!
HOT!
HOT EROTICA!
This book was fantastic and the erotica romance between Apollyon and Serenity was pure "HEAVENLY and HOT HOT HOT!!!"The story was amazing and I couldn't resist reading about Appollyon, "the great destroyer...
Angel of Apocalypse, responsible for raining Hell down on earth when everything comes to an end", an Angel built with a body of a God and for sin with the smile of a devil.
Appollyon is definitely my kind of Angel.
Serenity is a human witch who only does good with her magic but when she is pushed aside, dumped, and her heart is aching from the hurt by her boy friend, Serenity finally gives in and cast a spell for revenge.
Appollyon the angel from Hell has always had his eye on her but for some reason he hears her call and goes to her to do her bidding for revenge.
However, both of them had the slightest clue that this simple revenge would draw their love towards each other.
A must read story to find out the revenge Serenity's boyfriend has reigned upon him and what happens between Serenity and Appollyon as the story heats up.
Absolutely great ending.~Ronda~
(4 star review: This review was written for Night Owl reviews and Bookin' It Reviews by Talina Perkins)PLOT:Serenity and Apollyon's story is a spellbinding romance that brings together a love that neither Heaven nor Hell can keep from happening.
The tantalizing desire that flowed between the hero and heroine, beat with a livid pulse throughout the entire story, making you want them together no matter the cost to either one.
I have read several angel stories and several contemporary stories, Her Dark Angel pulls both together in a solid read of love, desire for companionship, and trust.
The perfect balance for a great romance, in my opinion.
SETTING:Her Dark Angel is set in the city of Paris.
A refreshing change of pace and great choice to add character depth to the story.
WRITING:A New York Times Best seller in the making.
When Ms. Heaton puts pen to paper you know you are going to love the finished piece of work.
She carries a freshness about her writing that I love.
Her style captivated my imagination and didn't let me go until THE END.
CHARACTERS:Bound as heaven's guardian of hell, Apollyon would love nothing more than to feel the freedom of the fresh air against his black wings and the sun bathing his skin.
He has spent centuries in the darkness, waiting for his master to call him.
Until he was finally called, however not by heaven, but by a mortal woman.
A witch.
His will power and strength alone intrigued me.
The minute he spoke to Serenity, I fell for him.
After spending so much time alone in the pits of hell, an experience that should have hardened his soul and heart, he was gentle and kind to the heroine.
That speaks highly of his character right there.
Instead of waiting to see if he was going to be a good match with Serenity, I was anxious to see if she would be good enough for him.
A turn of the tables for sure.
She was.
Serenity, an endearing witch with a kind hearted smile and caring soul, warmed every page, making me want to flip the page that much faster.
They were both just right for each other.
Both hurting, both needing.
Both finding what their souls needed in one another.
LAST THOUGHTS:I enjoyed reading Her Dark Angel.
The love story was touching and the steamy love scenes will make your pulse race so be warned, have a fan near by!
Out of the three Her Angel books, this was my favorite.
The hero and Heroine showed a connection that took hold of my heart is a way that I felt I was right there with them through the entire story.
This was the first in her Dark Angel series, and it was great i loved it, it was sweet lots of love romance passion everything u need to get you through a rainy day or a long day after work, it puts a smile on your face an keep it there long after you are done reading it.
I am looking forward to her next one in october "Fallen Angel"
The book has no story and no conflict.
The main character is a witch who snaps her fingers to turn on the lights (like the clapper?) and wiggles her nose to take her clothes off (real original can you say Bewitched?)
She casts a spell that mistakenly summons an angel (supposed ex-angel of death) because she wants revenge on her cheating ex boyfriend.
From the time the angel first appears and the characters start to have real feelings for each other and decide to sleep together, a total of how many hours go by? 6? 8?
Yes people it's the same day.
The main character is crying and upset and wants revenge on her cheating ex boyfriend that hurt her.
But the same day she meets the angel, which is the same day they go to a night club to make her ex boyfriend jealous when he see's them together, they fall for each other and sleep together?
I've got to be honest here.
There is no story, no tension, no conflict.
The writing is bad, the dialogue is bad, and there are so many grammar errors and words used in the wrong tense (woken/awaken, dived/dove ect.) not to mention the over use of so many words and phrases (over and over again) it made the story difficult to get through and made me want to scream.
I don't know how the other books in this series are, because I do not plan on picking them up to read, but this first one was a total disappointment.
Another hit from author Felicity Heaton.
Once again this book covers all aspects that I have come to expect from the authors I read.
It has well developed characters, a good story line, descriptive scenes and an honest romance with a bit of hot stuff thrown in for good measure.
What more could you want?
A great way to escape from your day to day drama.
This was my first time reading about angels, and it ROCKED!
I loved the characters and the romance that grew between them...
Felicity can write like no other, and really draw you into the emotions they are feeling.
Another amazing journey from one of my favorite authors!! xxoo
What can you say after reading something so fantastic ....
WOW doesnt seem enough , Fantastic .. not even close to explaining it .
Easy flow, great plot, super star characters , this first instament is entirely sent from heaven and your sure to be hooked .
I had no chance of putting this down and Apollyon now runs in my veins, this is a must read5 chocolate kiss stars
After reading Ms. Heaton's Vampire Realm series (at least to the 5th book) I thought I would try her "Angel" series.
I must say, I'm glad I only spent .99 on this waste of 2.5 hours of my time.
There was absolutely no rhyme or reason to how things began with the main characters.
(Again, I do NOT summarize what I've read in order for those who are reading reviews to get the whole story in a summary, which is actually kind of hard to do in this case!)
The story line is so weak and has gaping holes it, I was left scratching my head asking myself what the heck was going on since there wasn't much explanation for anything!
There was no conflict, there was no climax, there was no reason left to even WANT to read a second book in this series.
The book itself was short enough to be a short story, and in my opinion, if they're all this short, they should be grouped together in one book and sold that way.
I will NOT be continuing on with this series as this book just didn't check even half my boxes.
Sorry Ms. Heaton, I've read better from you.
Total disappointment.
This is a sexy novella with an angel and a witch as the main couple.
Apollyon is bored with his current assignment.
He spends his days gazing at the human world through his pool in Hell.
He is watching a beautiful female through his pool when he is summoned by what he believes is his master.
Having spent millennia at his current post as the guardian to the bottomless pit he is excited about being summoned into a new contract.
Serenity has been cheated on and hurt by her previous lover.
She wants vengeance!
She deserved better than that.
She never realized that her magic would summon a wickedly sexy angel to see her get her revenge.
This is a novella length book.
The romance moves at a quick pace.
Serenity knows from the initial meeting that Apollyon is an angel.
There is no shock factor there where the hero must convince his love interest he is in fact real.
The plot is diminutive.
The romance is very passionate and believable.
Apollyon never realized how lonely he was until he is in the presence of this female that he desires more than anything.
Serenity makes him want things that he has never wanted before.
The sex scenes were sweetly erotic and very well written.
I will definitely read more in this series!
I have not read many angel books and this is one I am glad I wiggled into my reading list.
I'm fairly new to the angel thing, but after having read and reviewed 2 other angel book before (and loving them), I jumped at the chance to read another.
Serenity is a witch who somehow calls forth an angel (Apollyon) to seek revenge on her unfaithful ex-boyfriend.
Great premise.
The execution, however, left me wanting.
I'm usually quick to accept the love at first sight thing when supernatural/other worldly forces are involved (angels/demons/vampires/werewolves/etc), but this wasn't a case of love at first sight, mating, or any other supernatural love-mojo.
Yes, they were attracted to each other, but it wasn't love and he continued to insist (in his thoughts) that he didn't know why his fellow angels would fall for human women.
They were only together for a day until they were bumping uglies (which isn't entirely unheard of - several people engage in overnight relationships) and "in love".
That part was a little too difficult for me to accept, despite the angel & witch aspect.
And the revenge that she wanted against her cheating jerk of an ex-boyfriend?
Was just to make him jealous by going to a club and dancing provocatively with her angel.
Felt a little too much like high school to me.
I didn't feel the chemistry between the characters, and while I understand that this is a novella (which means word count restrictions), I didn't feel that the story was fleshed out enough.
Maybe if it had been longer and the characters given more time to get to know each other (or have a supernatural force pulling them together like the werewolves' mating instinct) I might've liked it better.
I am a new Felicity Heaton fan and enjoyed this book and the series so far.
The Angel series stands on it's own, providing just the right amount of celestial intrigue and more than enough sensuality to make you wish you were a witch and could call upon your own Angel.
Loved this book and all of the author's romantic writings.
She writes with a clarity and simplicity which makes it a joy to read.
Highly recommended as a great read.
I started reading Felicity Heaton when she was writing "Of Blood and Snow" and loved it so when I saw this book and read the preview I thought "I gotta have this!"
I'm soooo happy I bought it and got a chance to read it.
This book was awesome!!
Loved the characters.
I can't wait to read the next book in the series.
October hurry up!!!!!
This book was like the others i read.
Lots of romance keeps u on your toes cant put it down and always waiting to see what happens next.
This book was a little different than what I expected.
I liked the characters but the story is not really a story.
An angel coming to the aid of a mortal to fight for her and have a sexual relationship out of this world.
It started out with an interesting premise, but then just got boring.
Could not get interested in the two main characters or the plot.
I feel in love with this book.
I enjoyed the story line and appreciated the attention to detail.
Will read more if this series in the future.
his was a free read I came across and it sat on my kindle for a while untill I was running out of books to read.
I wish I had got to it sooner!
It was in definitely in the quickly category, I finished it over my evening coffee.
The chemistry between Apollyon and Serenity was well explored.
In fact you could say this book was heavy on the physical aspect of their relationship.
Sometimes that really bugs me in books.
In this one it didn't. .
You do get the feeling Serenity is trying to the right thing by Apollyon.
She doesn't want to get him into trouble.
But is falling for him.
Apollyon in return will do anything to make Serenity happy, after being removed from the world for so long.
This is the first in the "Her Angel Romance" series by Felicity Heaton.
There are five in the series and the author indicates all the books are joined by the world she creates not the characters so you can read them in any order which is neat!
So give it a go and like me you might be tempted to check out the rest in the series.
I loved the mystery of it, the way he loved her and the way he was called to her!
Made for a very good readQuick to read also.
It was a good book wondering if the second book will bring some action?
We need another good vs evil plot going simultaneously and it would have been five stars
There was no real story.
She calls to him, he is an angel in Hell she's a witch.
Then they have sex, again and again, etc, he beats up an old boyfriend, they have sex, more sex, etc, that's it.
The end.
I will not continue series.
I love this book.
I liked how an angel and a witch can come together and fall in love.
I'm sure the hot and steamy sex helped.
Yet, that part of it was just a bonus.
I liked the story.
This book is a great start for an amazing series.
I look forward to reading all of them.
This is a definite must read.
Who can turn down hot and steamy sex?
Not me.
Recommended
I loved it from beginning to end.
A beautiful love story.
Wish it was this easy to find your true love.
Will be reading the rest of the series.
Great writing.
Can't wait to start the rest.
A truly enjoyable story about a sexy as sin angel of "death" (Apollyon), sensuous and gorgeous, that is in love with a mortal woman (Serenity).
A mutual attraction and desire is instant for both, sinful & forbidden yet neither are willing to let go as temptation is just to strong.
With the background of Paris as a setting it is stunning as I envisioned myself along for the ride or "flight" at times, absolutely stunning.
All angels in Serenity's are good, and saintly however Apollyon is bad and built for sin.
Her trepidation of being sexual with an angel of God soon disappears with Apollyon's sensual seduction.
For someone who hasn't been with a woman in centuries his skills haven't diminished in fact the opposite…YumApollyon is an angel stuck in Hell watching over the mortal beings since eternity, yearning to be released from his master from up above to return to earth.
Hearing a faint voice calling him he believes it is his master so he instantly swoops up through Hell searching for his master to come across Serenity, who with her special powers and seeking revenge accidentally calls upon ApollyonApollyon's muscled physique has her forgetting her need for revenge and wanting, and imagining, Apollyon in every erotic way imaginable.
With different views of what revenge meant, he thinking Hell she deciding Apollyon is a better option knowing his alluring ways would have anyone, man or woman dying of envy over him.
When the "revenge" is complete and Apollyon's duty fulfilled, will Serenity with her past experiences and apprehensions of being with an angel be able to reveal her true feelings for Apollyon and keep him with her on earthAnother amazing success story from Ms Heaton and when I finish posting this review I just may be going onto the next instalment of this sexy angel series
Really good, loved it!!!!
Defiantly could read over and over.
Can't wait to read the next one in the series
the book is great very exciting just started to read it but the book is great just can't put it down
I don't really know how to put into words...
I'm no newbie when it comes to erotica and this one was... eh.. alright I guess.
Not very imaginative ( there are other words to use other than cock and pussy every time ) I got what I paid for.
I look forward to reading more this series, the angel of death coming to earth after being called by a woman and there romance.
Not my cup of tea, plus the idea of Christian angels being bewitched by witches twists all my beliefs, the book centred too much on the desires of the characters than on an actual plot.
Lots of heat.
Passionate romance between man & woman.
Angels are sexy & compelling.
What woman wouldn't want that?
Goodness.
I really loved this book.
I had never read an 'angel' novel before and found it fascinating.
I loved the idea of a 'dark angel' and the idea of him becoming irrevocably drawn to a mortal.
I will definitely be looking for other books by this author.
If you're interested in something a good deal longer that delves into suspense and a bit of science-fiction, here's another one I enjoyed.
The Haunting of the Rose Queen
The start of the book was promising; quite interesting for me as I had never read a romance with an angel as main character.
Unfortunately, by half of the book it started to get repetitive and too much focused on the sex scenes, which it would have been ok for me providing the author had not forgotten to continue with an interesting plot as well...
The resolution was nice and it was a fast read, but overall being such a short book I would have expected to keep my interest in the story until the end and was not the case.
Very juicy and hard to put down!
If only all angels could be like this one!
Fast paced and a quick read, in less than an hour and a half.
This was a very good light reading book.
Wish it would have delved a little more into the plot.
I felt like there's more to be told in the story with these two characters
Good for you can get the same way as the same way as to your own project is completed the same way
I ENJOYED THIS BOOK ABOUT A FALLEN ANGEL AND HIS TRUE LOVE HE MEETS IN AN UNUSUAL WAY.
HE NEVER THOUGHT HE WOULD FIND LOVE,BUT WAS VERY SURPRISED.
IT IS A VERY GOOD STORY.
Pretty good read!!
Lots of sexy scenes and a beautiful romance!
What more could a girl want :) I hope the next book is just as good
Feeling it needed more.
I enjoyed the concept of what she was doing here.
I just feel she fell short and could have done more.
This was an awful book and the plot is stupid... the only good thing about this book are the sex scenes.
However, they couldn't make up for the poorly designed plot.
Please help me make my ex-boyfriend jealous...
I know you're an angel and everything... blah, blah.. puke!
I really don't like the angel romance books, until I read this one.
I fell in love with plot and the steamy sex scenes.
This book made me want to read on through the series and I'm glad I did.
This book is short but is really good I love the romance of the characters .
I'm sure the other ones are going to be great
Appollyon answers the call of a witch.
Is the attraction lust or love?
It is a very thin plot of getting revenge for being dumped, and mostly a rather juvenile ploy for a lot of sex scenes.
Sometimes less is hotter than more... and a good storyline would help.
Disappointed.
If you enjoy hot, romantic paranormal reads, look no further!
This is a beautifully written love story.
Try it you'll like it!
This book is wonderful.
I read this book in 24 hours.
If you are looking for supernatural romance than this book is for you
I loved the book, very easy read.
I just think maybe the word love should not be confused with sexual attraction.
Maybe if there was more to the story line and what other things they might have in common.
Ppl
Love the details.
A nice simple story .
Perfect for when I'm in between novels.
And can't get another one for a day.
It was good.
An entertaining read, not real long so you don't have to invest a lot of time.
Got a little cheesy sometimes.
Wasn't a bad book but a quick read and short.
If you haven't got alot of time this would be a good book to staart.
This book was great i could not put it down.
The love story between apollyon and serenity was captivating.
I qould recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good romantic novel
**Spoiler Alert**This is a story about a broken hearted woman who wants revenge on an ex-boyfriend who cheated on her.
An angel answers her call.
That bothered me.
I can understand wanting to get back at an ex but, come on..... an angel?
And not just any angel but the Angel of death.
Really?
Serenity is supposed to be a powerful witch but we just see what seem to be more like parlor tricks than the great power suggested.
And after only 24 hours together they are ready to commit and stay together forever!
I know it's a short story but let's not get crazy.
Most of the story is made up of sex scenes which are done pretty well if your into that kind of thing.
Not everyone likes a lot of erotic detail in their romances (I do, which is why I'm giving this two stars instead of one).
Based on this story I wouldn't be too anxious to read the rest of this series.
That's another thing by the way.... this is supposed to be book one but it reads like it's a continuation of another series.
Other angels relationships are brought up and it made me feel like I was missing something.
It was a good book, differnt from what I normally read, but I did end up enjoying the book alot
Good.
Not one of my regular writers but maybe, just maybe she might become one.
New to romance/Paranormal books this is a good start.
this book was pretty good, I enjoyed it..... wish the story developed deeper. good lazy afternoon reading, has some steamy scenes.
To reading the next one.
Only problem I have with the book is it's to short.
The author has put a nice twist to the paranormal.
I chose for stars because it was a great book the only thing I would change was there was not enough action.
An amazing boom.
I was hooked from the first page.
I loved it.
F. E Hilton is an truely amazing author.
Loved the story and can't wait to read more.... excited for the rest of serenity and appolyon story... a must read for anyone who likes romance
It was a very good book.
I really enjoyed reading this romance.
It makes me want to find an angel of my own.
I love romance and this book is one of my favorites the romance is strong and sexy.
This series hook me now I can't stop reading I have to finish the series.
It was a very good book to read.
The description was on point.
I couldn't put it down.
Great book!!!!!!! <3
I think it was cuteAnd romantic, one other best falling Angel books I've read.:)I would definitely want to read the next books!
Neatly written, great diverse p. o. v on religion, mixed with hardships facing love, classic yet unique in its own way.
I utterly recommend this book to mature readers.
That doesn't mean the age thingy but more like a natural mind.
Loved itIt's a most read I couldn't stop reading it I read it in a matter of like 3 hours
I really enjoyed this book and look forward to the next in the series.
Sensual and sweet, this is a nice beginning to build on.
I loved this story.. had a good pace to it.
You grow to love the characters and want them to be together.
I only wished that it was longer..
I will now be reading the rest of the series!
It is just a light reading. short and easy going. if you like supernatural, fallen angels' romantic stories, you'll enjoy it.
Could have been longer & a little more in depth - Don't really get to know to much of the characters.
Book was a good read,looking forward to the other Angel books.
Nice mix to make one try all the books.
Another great story with angels.
I could read them all day long.
I will not spoil it for you but I loved it and think you will too.
Nice read.
Nice plot and the story flows very well.
Wish there was more of a background story for the main characters, I wanted to know more.
I can't describe this book ANY other way accept HOT!!!
The romance, the mending of hearts, the firsts....................... all intertwined into one big hunk of HOTNESS!!!
Serenity, having been burned by an ex, casts a spell to enact revenge upon him.
Little did she know that her incantation would bring her a dark angel who's been trapped in Hell with his only comfort was to watch over a mysterious girl who has never been too far from his mind.
A definite re-read!
This book was absolutely amazing.
This is definitely a must read.
Once I started I couldn't put the book down.
Loved It, different take on Angels, it was great.
Sexy, passionate, love that carries you along with it.
Would have liked a little more about the two, but I have a feeling they will be in the other books in this series.
If you like your Angels dark and sexy this is one for you.
Beautifully written.
A great story with true romance and even greater hot and steamy sex.
If you are a true romantic with a pension for incredible sex then this novella is for you.
Read it, you will not be disappointed.
Very sweet read.
The author did a great job building a very sexy character.
My only complaint is that is was so short.
I've quite enjoyed the book.
The story between Serenity, a broken hearted witch who wants to take revenge on her boyfriend's infidelity and Apollyon, the dark angel who she unwittingly summons to carry her revenge is pretty simple but it works for me.
There is not much description of the characters, they are poorly depicted, and all the plot can be summarized in a few words, but the novelette is full of passion that's what I wanted.
It is a simple story, with plain characters, an easy plot and a straightforward conclussion.
Don't look for anything else and you'll be as happy with the book as I was
Who doesn't like a man or Angel that wants to protect the women he loves.
Just a little something to make you smile.
Was very hot but I would have liked it to be longer, I like having a bit more to a story.
A short read but right to the point.
The words bring the pages to life.
The images they portray are simply fantastic.
This story really had no push. just two sad individuals that came together along with some rather drawn out sex scenes.
Now don't get me wrong most of the sex scenes had some really great parts but it still didn't feel as though the story was getting anywhere.
I give the book three stars because it had potential but then it got really lazy.
I mean you have something trapped in hell a witch with unknown power and the Angel of total destruction but you can't find a better way to move the story along than I love him does he love me I love her does she love me.
LAZY!!
I liked it.
I liked the story.
This story had a lot of steam.
I liked the characters.
They worked well together.
Definitively a passionate and emotionally stirring story.
The hero/Angel concept appeals to the desire to be cared for that most people ultimately desire.
Awesome short story.
This definitely could of worked into a longer story.
Very sexually descriptive and you felt the emotions.
Amazing I just loved it breathtaking I was left so jealous of her.
I am going to read it over and over again.
This is the first book I read from Felicity Heaton and it was simply incredible to read from beginning to end.
I found myself caught up in the story, feeling the raw emotions from the characters.
Thinking how amazing it would be to have my own heavenly Angel.
Awesome book.
I can't wait to read the second book in the Her Angel Romance Series Books.
It was 5 stars for me.
I enjoyed this story very much.
It is nicely written.
The pace is not to quick nor slow.
It's a love story with a bit of an edge.
I will be reading more of her books.
Best book in a long time great author can't wait to see and read more of her books excited yay
I get bored with stories like this, where the plot moves so fast it makes your head spin, and it all feels as fake as a plastic rose.
Stereotypical tall, dark, brooding (and perfect) guy who... get this... has been watching humans for centuries and has never had any interest in them, EXCEPT for this one random, beautiful woman whom he watches from hell.
Why this random girl?
He isn't sure.
So I'm supposed to believe this detached, perfect guy picks some chick out of millions and out of hundreds of years to stalk and have sex fantasies about?
I couldn't get through the second chapter.
Bleh.
this book is set up with good characters with a mysterious plot line but started off to slow for me
Yet another Felicity Heaton book that I cannot put down.
I love the characters and story line...... as usual.
Heaton never disappoints.
I like to define the characters, and makes sense alters, I like how the writer wraps you in his narrative, definitely I am be pleased with the book.
Couldn't stop reading, wonderful story!
Maybe just a little to short.
But had a great story line, and the ending didn't leave you hanging.
Would absolutely recommend anyone to read!
It is ok.
Not real impressed with it.
Nice story line.
Just it was to short needs to be longer.
I liked this book, but mostly because i like the supernatural aspect of it.
If you are into True blood or any other supernatural series, this is a good read.
It was ok liked it a lot I .
Little to fast paced but other than that I really enjoyed reading this
Although the concept of an avenging angel is nice there is absolutely no story here.
Glad this was such a short read.
I enjoyed this book very much!
It was a nice read and the authors attention to detail was very good
What a nice afternoon read promiscuous yet everything you would want out of a relationship... good read not a real good plot But a sweet storyline
I chose this rating because it was a fabulously written book.
I wish that it wasn't so detailed, but I still couldn't put it down.
It was just fantastic.
I absolutely love this book and all the other series from the book.
It was so addicting and kept me hanging on to finish the book.
im falling in love with this novel i have read it over 3 times now. i cant get enough... i want more
Only complaint is it was way to short.
Loved the idea of an Angel to the rescue, and the steamy love scenes were superb.
I really enjoyed this book, I'd recommend it for sure.
I need to find me a dark angel. :) Thanks!
A bit graphic for my taste but otherwise a nice easy read and kept your interest throughout the entire story.
This is so romantic, loving and sensual.
Makes me sigh at the end.
I don't agree with some other readers.
This is not smut.
These are, yes, descriptive love scenes, but not smutty.
There is no swearing, no degrading descriptions of their love making.
Pure love for each other, not lust, only love.
How can love or making love ever be smutty?
When someone loves someone else, as in this story, they can never get enough of each other.
That's just the way it is and it is rare.
If you are one who loves love and have had deep feelings for the opposite sex, ever, and have a sensual, sexy angel, on top of it and lots of good old fashion foreplay.
You will probably enjoy this story.
Also, and especially if you have ever experienced this for yourself (probably not with a real angel, of course).
No more need be said...
Fast, lack of plausibility, flat, unemotional characters from which I got little.
All around, not thrilled.
Very glad I did not spend money on this, and not recommending it to anyone.
Unless that someone wants no plot, no reality, and a bit of mindless smut.
Such a good book.
I would definitely recommend this to any and all.
I'll be checking out more of felicity heaton books.
I definitely recommend this book.
Very good story line an leaves it open for other books.
Can't wait to read the others
I loved this book but my only disappointment was that it felt really short!
I would defiantly read more from this author!
A Great Read!
I loved this book and have already bought the next two in the series.
Rank Felicity Heaton with my other favorite authors Gena Showalter, Lyndsay Sands, etc...
This quick read was a double shot of espresso in the romance department.
If you want to understand the coffee references, you will have to read the book.
With this being a quick read (in an afternoon), I must admit that the storyline was a bit anti-climatic.
I was expecting something more profound to happen.
It is free so go ahead and indulge in some heavy romance without too much conflict.
P. S. If every man were this devoted to his woman, there would be heaven on earth!
Decent enough book to read.
If you want a little bit of a love story with some kink to it ;)
Got the book on a whim and loved it.
Great story telling, love the characters.
A bit short but we'll worth the read. :) Thank you for a good read.
I really enjoyed the Her Angel series.
Her dark Angel is the first book of this fascinating series.
I found myself downloading the next book in the series as soon as I finished reading one..
The series has captivated me.
It wad easy .
To get in to but .
It was a little short.
I wold like a little more plot too
This was a great read.
I really enjoyed the story and will be looking for more books from this author.
I thought there would have been more of a story, but not bad.
Maybe the other books will be better.
A truly unique book.
I so enjoyed the chemistry between the two.
I could picture flying over Paris with them.
Please read this book and enjoy.
Perfect combo of fantasy and erotica.
The writer describes her angel well, and oh so sexy.
I plan to read the rest of the angel series.
A truly unique book.
I so enjoyed the chemistry between the two.
I could picture flying over Paris with them.
Please read this book and enjoy.
Perfect combo of fantasy and erotica.
The writer describes her angel well, and oh so sexy.
I plan to read the rest of the angel series.
This was a really fun book.
Nothing to get too uptight about, you just have to go with it.
If you are the type of person who nit picks things to death, don't read this.
If however, you can just let the story take you away, then go with it.
I loved parts of this so much, I thought the story was really enjoyable.
Such a sweet and sexually charged story.
Wish I could have me an angel like him and I would never leave my house.
I love this book.
Very romantic and a beautiful ending.
I wish it would have went on longer, it ended to soon for me.
Once you start reading you won't want to put it down.
The author does a great job pulling you in and making you feel a strong connection to the characters.
I finished reading Dark Knight in Disguise I: Earthbound Angels Book 1 (Earthbound Angels 1: Dark Knight in Disguise) and was looking for another book about fallen angels.
That was when I found this book.
Of course Apollyon has fallen a bit further than Erick however he's still looking to gain redemption.
He wants to make his way to freedom and get out of Hell where he's been stuck for a very long time, guarding the Devil himself.
And then suddenly he does.
Suddenly he's being called by someone that has the power to bring him out of his banishment and into the world.
That someone, is Serenity.
In this book you'll see two people that are maybe a little more dark than in traditional romance novels.
He's a fallen angel after all.
And she's a witch casting vengeance spells and seeking absolute revenge.
But the two can't help but feel a connection to each other.
They can't seem to ignore the idea of the passion that could come about even though they are most definitely not allowed to be together.
It's going to be a fight for them to get together and even more if they should decide they want to actually be together.
If you like romance but you're a little tired of all the really good people always getting what they want then this is for you.
These two aren't the good guys in anyone's story.
They're actually rather dark and some might consider them the bad guys.
But they just might be getting what they want.
It's a bit of a twist on the normal style of romance, which I thought was pretty interesting.
That's what really drew me to this book and kept me flipping pages until the end of the story.
Names are kind of a thing with me and the fact that they had not so common names wasn't something I was a big fan of.
But of course Serenity is a witch and Apollyon is an angel and that means their names would typically be less than common.
I couldn't help but be intrigued throughout this book however despite the names of the characters since their story was just so interesting and kept drawing me in.
I couldn't seem to put this book down even when I knew that I should just because I wanted to know what was going to happen next.
I know several romance novel fans that I am sure would like to read this book.
The fact that it has romance would draw them in however the fact that it's a big twist on the normal storyline would keep them interested.
I know I'll probably be reading this book again just because of that twist and I'll be looking for the rest of the series as well.
Felicity Heaton is wonderful writer.
Her books are easy reads with simple plots but heavy on romance, love and of course the sexual play.
There fun reads.
I really liked this book and I finished it really quickly because it was so interesting and I look forward to the next books coming out that I will read.
I did enjoy reading this story, but I felt it could have been fleshed out a bit more.
I felt hungry for more information about the main characters.
I enjoyed reading this book of two lonely beings finding each other and falling in love.
Great for a quick read
This is a fun and sexy read.
Not very long, but I found that ok.
I got lost in this world that Felicity Heaton made.
I recommend this one if your looking for something that's fast and fun to read with some heat!
This book is entertaining, but that's about it.
If you are looking for a quick, escape, this is it.
Not much thinking required, no real plot, but it will make you smile.
A pleasant short book.
Left me asking questions as I don't think some areas were elaborated on enough.
The characters could have been built up better with extra detail.
I do not normally leave reviews, but I could not resist.
The book was so wonderful for anyone that has ever wondered what it would be like to make love to an angel.
This book did not disappoint me in any way!!
I think every woman that has had her heart broken has wished for vengeance I know I have at least once.
And the connection the Characters had right a way was wonderful.
I have now ordered the next in the series for my Kindle and I will most likely buy them all.... and probably in paper back as well!
I think this is a wonderful gimmick to get people to read your books! give them the best book ever for free and make them want more and she does this! totally fantastic dear and I hope you never stop making them!
Loved the way the Angel was described, very sexy!
This was a great read, really worth the time.
Check it out!
This author is very direct in her descriptions!
Very sexy and sinful.
Plot was short, but the "romance" was nice.
This was a good read had more sex in it then what I am use to reading.
I am not sure I would read it again.
I like to leave somethings to imagination
Very good.
I adore this story and, once I picked it up, there was no putting it down.
I enjoyed the back story.
I started and finished this in one day.
It kept me going all the way and definitely heats things up!
Very graphic descriptions make it easy to play out mentally...
did not have the "I can't put it down".
Slow moving.
I like books in a series but don't know if I would spend the money to get the rest.
Hard to top JR Ward
Interesting concept.
Nice love story.
On the down side, it is shallow and needs more plot, facts, interesting circumstances.
The parts about making her ex jealous were ridiculous.
It is only an ok read.
An angel of destruction is called forth to Earth but not by his master, but by the woman who would soon become the love of his life.
Apollyon guards the bottomless pit in Hell and is not known for his loving nature but instead for bringing destruction down on those who deserved it as well as previously being known as the angel of death.
Spying on the human world he finds the one woman who makes him feel different before he even knows he feels different.
Her pain calls to him and she becomes his master so that she can exact revenge on her ex lover.
As their "charade" goes on he comes to realize that he doesn't just lust for her but he actually truly loves her and would do anything for her.
Serenity is not any normal human being but a witch who doesn't know the extent of her powers.
The pain of her ex lover betraying her leads Apollyon to her.
At first her plan to get revenge just is to make her ex jealous and feel bad like she does.
As Apollyon helps her overcome her hurt she comes to realize that she loves him for who he is.
As soon as her revenge is done Apollyon has no choice but to return to his duty in the bottomless pit... or does he?
To find out dive into Her Dark Angel and experience the power of love and magic.
If only life was this easy to find true love.
Great love story with a touch of magic that pulls it all together
This is the story of an angel who comes to earth and falls in love with a human woman.
Oh, and his adjustment to said woman ahnd this workd.
Funny, sexy and interesting.
Love the whole angel on earth premeis.
This author had hit a home run with this series.
You gottta read them!
This was a good read.
I really bought it to read until another book I want to buy came out so, this was a "filler " book, but I was pleasantly surprised.
Heaton brings the desires of "the bad boy" along with the need for protection together into an unconditional love.
She shows the way true love should be reflected.
Not only in the sexual elation of first love, but the passion of true love.
I loved this book, it was a great escape!
It is a fantasy based love story with a sweet yet epic storyline about a love betrayed witch & the guardian angel sent to help exact revenge on the ex who did her wrong.
The beautiful angel has been watching the woman he was called to help for as long as he could remember, always wondering what she was really like in the flesh, but keeping a professional mindset about her, just "doing his job", while the witch was absolutely unaware of his existence until her broken heart silently called to the unseen guardian & cried out desperately for his help.
The woman had been betrayed by her former love, who cheated on her & broke her heart & shattered her heart.
In a moment of grief & desperation the angel heard her cries for help & headed the call.
Little did he know that by answering calls of this beautiful woman in her time of pain & need, that he would fall for a mortal & be completely bewitched by her & that both of their lonely existences would be forever changed.
This is a wonderful, sensual, sweet storyabout love, betrayal, New beginnings & ultimately redemption.
Very sweet, fast paced & a great read.
Liked this a bunch.
A witch calls an angel from hell to get revenge on her ex-boyfriend who cheated on her.
Everything was paced good.
Can't wait to start the next in the series
Really Really enjoyed this Book.
Fantastic Angle Romance book.
Amazing story line, found it hard to leave the book, Couldn't wait to read next SeriesWow love this Book.
Keeps you on your toes, can't wait to see what's next.
Really enjoyed it recommed to you all....
Liked this a bunch.
A witch calls an angel from hell to get revenge on her ex-boyfriend who cheated on her.
Everything was paced good.
Can't wait to start the next in the series
Really Really enjoyed this Book.
Fantastic Angle Romance book.
Amazing story line, found it hard to leave the book, Couldn't wait to read next SeriesWow love this Book.
Keeps you on your toes, can't wait to see what's next.
Really enjoyed it recommed to you all....
As the story begins, Apollyon, a dark and lonely angel, is drawn to Serenity, a witch, as she cries to Heaven for vengeance.
When he willingly accepts her request, Apollyon and Serenity find themselves caught between the love they feel for one another and the lives they have always known.
The self-sacrificing love in this book is enticing, and the desperation of the characters to be with one another is felt deeply.
From beginning to end, the romance that blooms between Serenity and Apollyon will grab hold of your heart; bring tears to your eyes, and a smile to your face.
I was provided a copy of the book by BTS eMag for purpose of honest review.
I was not compensated for this review - all conclusions are my own responsibility.
Both typical and not at all.
The story appeals to readers who prefer the words ''immortal'' and ''love'' in the same book, but wish to read something completely different and much more grown up, from the teen stories like Twilight, Hush hush and all other immortal love stories that speaks to teens.
I liked the idea, but didn't connect with any of the two maincharacters.
Their whole behavior simply didn't catch my interest.
Too weird.
Good story line content well thought out.
Keeps you interested the entire time you are reading.
Would recommend to everyone.
This story started out so strong with Apollyon in Hell.
The way he spoke and behaved made his race and age believable.
Serenity is a witch who, in her sorrow and rage at an ex, accidentally calls him from his post.
He wants to serve her, and decides that she wouldn't have been able to call him, something only gods can do, if it were a normal bond they share.
It was a fun, short and sexy story about an angel falling for a human woman.
The only negative I have is that she has an angel at her disposal and her big plan is to use him to make her ex jealous.
She could have done that with any man.
The premise felt a little flimsy; a story of a fallen angel needs to be more dramatic, have giant earth changing effects.
But, I enjoyed the read and will give the series a chance to get better and deeper.
Fantastic read, captivating and it is an absolutely perfect book to snuggle up with, highly recommended by me for lovers of paranormal romance...
Good for a quick easy read.
Characters were a little underdeveloped but not too bad to spend an afternoon with.
Very good book!
If there are more in this series, I would rec. that they are read!
Such a beautiful story!
Love this series!
Love living vicariously through the women who fall in love with these fallen angels.
It's a great escape from everyday norm for me!
This book will have your blood pumping to the Max through out the whole thing!
This would be the perfect romance?? e of a lifetime.
I would tell any romance lover this is a must read.
I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone under 15 though.
Its the best book i read. l loved it romanse. and its angel fall in love with a moral girl.
Re verge.
This book is really good to read with a cup of coffee I would have given this book five stars if the plot was a bit more complicated
An angel without a mission, Apollyon lives trapped in Hell guarding the bottomless pit.
Surrounded by endless darkness, he longs to fly free on Earth once more but his master hasn't called him in centuries.
When the call finally comes, it's to serve a new master, a beautiful woman he has often watched over, a woman who has always captivated him.
Serenity is shocked when a gorgeous black-winged angel shows up in her city of Paris claiming that she called him when she was only casting a simple vengeance spell.
He's no other than the angel of death!
When Apollyon offers to obey her and help her have revenge on her cheating ex-boyfriend, she can't resist the temptation, but can she resist him?
Can an angel as dark as Apollyon ever fall for a mortal woman like her?
Their charade as lovers quickly becomes reality when one dance leads to another and Apollyon proves that he's as sinful as he looks.
His sensual and hungry touch brings Serenity back to life, freeing her from the hurt of being betrayed and reigniting her passion, but she can't ignore her growing fear.
Lost in their moment together, Apollyon realises that there is a reason he heard her call--he's in love with her.
But will Serenity see past the wings and believe that Apollyon returns her feelings and won't hurt her?
When her ex-boyfriend asks her to forgive him and be with him again, will she take the easy route or will she find the courage to fly away with her dark angel?
Dark, passionate and erotic, Her Dark Angel is a tale of intense desire and deepest forbidden love guaranteed to get your heart racing
I gave this book 4 stars because it was so short .. but I guess that's why it is a series
The story is original but there is not enough action in it.
I hope the other books of the series have more action.
You never hear angle are in hell but now the time are changing and it going to be for good or will it be for bad.
Well Apollyon is getting tired and bored and does not want to guard the devil no more.
Now he will get his chance and some one call him and he follows the calls and then he is in PARIS and it great.
Serenity is casting a vengeance spell on the man who tore her heart apart Who turn up butt Apollyon and he is her guarding angle form hell with black wings.
He had seen her many of time and new he was to help her You see he was in hell so long that he wanted to be out now and now he got his wish and was flying out of hell.
He found who call him and then her eyes meet him and was surprised to see him.
He can hide his wings for other but she new but now the story get better you see he take up theEiffel tower and then to her home but he has to sleep on the couch and then he only covered in loin cloth type of thing.
The angle who is there to help her make someone jealous and then is if out of now were what happen to the 2 of them a witch and then the devil angle can they live together and find what they had been seeking in the first place.
You will love the way the book is done and then you have to see what going on the world and then think of the question can a angle come to you and help you with your true love or help you find it
I purchased this book for my kindle at a discounted price.
I was excited to read this because, i have all her book and I enjoy reading them.
Something about the way she writes keeps me intrigued to want to read more .
I don't want to go into details because some people complain about spoilers.
But if you have read her books before and you loved those you will love this one.
If you have never read a book of hers before , this is an edge of you seat romance.
Very thrilling.
It was a good read, I will recommend this book to others and I plan on checking out the rest of the series.
A hot, erotic romance.
The action scenes kept my attention.
Plenty of hot sex followed with revenge.
Great plot and easy to follow.
Would of enjoyed Learning more about Serenity, however I did enjoy this as a short book.
I felt this book was a good read.
Something to spark the imagination and the libedo.
We all like a little romance and excitment in our lives.
I'm a Kenyon, Showalter reader and found this very similar.
I will look forward to continuing the entire series, can't wait
This is a sexy novella.
But it was missing for me.
Not sure just yet what it is.
But would I continue to read this series?
Yes I would because I am curious about the angels and what will happen next.
Good idea, but poor execution..
I didn't find a plot, the characters were not well defined, well except for the sex.. and more sex.. and more sex..
If i wanted porn, I'd have rented a movie..
I still cannot figure out the story or where she was going with it..
I like this story because it kept me off guard.
I like that.
What I mean when I was thinking of scenarios as I went along, it goes in another direction.
The story was short and sweet, and the author has a talent for getting a lot in for a short story.
I can't say enough about the lovemaking scenes.
It rocked.
I was truly entertained.
Teresa!
This was the first book I've read from this author.
It didn't GRAB me like others have, but compared to some other books, I did want to finish and find out how the story ended.
I will definitely try the next in the series as I've found that with other series, the follow up books get better (author reaching their stride I suppose).
I've always been fascinated with stories involving angels.
I'm always curious to know what the author will keep or leave out or invent when it comes to the mythology surrounding angels.
This is the story of Appolyon (apparently the Angel of Death) and Serenity who unknowingly calls him to her.
Its a very short story which takes place over a few days in Paris.
I would've loved to know more about both characters because I didn't feel I got a chance to really know them.
Overall, a nice and sweet paranormal romance.
This 96 page novella is packed full of hot, sexy scenes.
It is an erotic novella.
If your not game for erotic reads, it's probably not for you.
However, if you are it's got all the romantic, erotic and hot scenes you could want in a short novella.
TThe writing is fast paced and easy to follow.
Heaton offers a fresh style all of her own, and keeps you interested and wanting to know what happens to the very end.
The charaters are great, and there is good character growth for a novella.
Appolyon is one of those male characters that had meet thinking of him well after I was done with the book.
Serenity is a very likeable female character as well.
The story is about a mortoal woman who accidently calls to the dark angel Appolyon for help with getting revenge on her exboyfriend who cheated on her.
Serenity is hungry for vegence and Appolyon is all to will to assist her having been stuck guarding the bottomless pit of Hell for way to long and unable to roam freely over earth.
They are instantly attracted to one another and have some good chemistry going on.
I did feel like the actaul revenge they dish out of the exboyfriend was a little weak and could have used some more umph, for lack of better words.
The build up of their relationship is hot and primarily builds through sex scenes.
And, there is a lot of that, sex.
Lots of sex.
Actually, I found myself scheming some of the sex because there was so much of it.
I think it could have used a little more story and a little less of the erotic.
However, I still really enjoyed the story and would recommed it to others.
(18 and over of course)
Not enough substance.
Ok if you are looking for one sex scene after another, but I found myself skipping over these after a while.
This is a short easy read.
I liked the premise and how it was written from both the main characters perspectives and the sex scenes are sizzling!
But I was hoping for more, the story had enormous potential to expand and develop both the characters and their adventures.
I was left wanting to know what happened next...
This book is completely cliche and totally boring.
I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
It's making me type 12 words, but the review was over after boring.
I loved this book!
It is an excellent start to a series that many paranormal readers will adore.
Apollyon the amazingly handsome, lonely angel who is the one that answered to Serenity's, the vengeful yet beautiful witches call for assistance to have her revenge on her cheating ex .
This book is magically addictive with sensual romance and mild action, without the usual drama.
A "must read" for erotic paranormal fans who want a book to excite, touch and linger in their thoughts long after the last page is turned.
I was provided a copy of the book by BTS eMag for purpose of honest review.
I was not compensated for this review - all conclusions are my own responsibility.
This series is a great idea and this story is interesting if a little juvenile, but I couldn't enjoy any of the intimate scenes because of all the moaning and groaning.
He groans, she moans then he moans and she groans etc.
They should be hoarse with all the sounds they made every time one of them touched the other.
I found myself counting the number of moans and groans in a single scene.
I guess I couldn't get into the story but thankfully it was short so I was able to finish it.
have ready all books in this series and there are all great. once you start reading you will be hooked and want to ready the rest
It was great!
Thank you for sharing this story with us.
I hope you have many more stories coming out soon.
Thank you
This is a short story so if your looking for a novella then you'll be disappointed with the length of the story.
However if your looking for a quick read then you'll be happy with this story.
Short story's are hard to wright but this one was well put together.
The author managed to bring both the main characters to life and describe their circumstances in a consistent and interesting manor.
I'm giving 4 stars for this book even though the ending left me asking what happened.
For a novella, I think it packed a great punch.
The story starts out and has you immediately wanting to continue to turn the page.
It begins with the Dark Angel, Apollyn while he is still sanctioned to working in the pits of Hell.
He feels a calling to earth and this is where he meets up with a human witch, Serenity.
The sexual spark between the two is immediate and intense and leaves you wanting to find out where they will go with it.
The plot moves quickly, the characters and the storyline are greatly descriptive, but then you get to the end and it leaves you asking where these two are going.**WARNING - SMALL SPOILER TO FOLLOW**I won't go into too much detail, but I will say that despite this being a novella, there could have been further explanation for this couple.
When you have an immortal and a human who fall in love, the reader is going to wonder how that love will survive.
I didn't find the resolution to this, and no description as to how they could work this out.
Despite that, I have a definite interest in reading the other stories in this series and am hoping to find the answer to the one question we as readers were left in at the end of this book.
I'm hoping an answer exists, but it would have been nice to have had it in this book since it is the first one of the series.
Other than that I truly enjoyed this authors style and writing.
I was unable to put the story down until I reached the last page.
I am not sure why this rcvd so many negative reviews.
I enjoyed this book, it had just the right balance between good guy, bad boy, sex and romance.
Worth the read!
I'm a sucker for angels.
It has an angel in it, I've got to read it.
Sadly, I've been disappointed by books about angels lately as they just haven't hit the right note.
Good news is, this book was not one of those!!
It was hot, and left me wanting more, hence the reason I was only able to give it 4 stars!;-) Definitely made me want to devour the rest of the books in the series!
She is a must read for me!
Apollyon, the angel of death, has been guarding the bottomless pit of Hell for so long that he feels forgotten; that is until a beautiful woman summoned him.
Serenity isn't just another woman, but a witch.
She didn't mean to summon someone so powerful.
It was supposed to be a simple vengeance spell that called to him.
Even though the attraction is immediate, she doesn't believe an angel could be attracted to a simple human, at least not sexually.
Surprise.
As Apollyon exacts revenge on Serenity's ex-boyfriend, the two become lovers.
Problem is, when his mission is up, will she be able to summon him again or will he have to go back to the gates of Hell?
When it comes to reviewing books, I feel the rating and opinion is subjective.
Some books, hit home.
With "Her Dark Angel," I didn't feel a connection with the characters or the story.
Surprising, since I love this subgenre.
I'd like to try another series by this author though.
Maybe I'll find the connection I'm looking for.
I really liked the idea, and the sample pulled me in, so I bought the rest of the story.
It satrted off OK but just seemed to fizzle out in the end.
Not even the revenge secen seemed th have much oomph.
I was actually glad to get to the end, and relieved it was a novella.
There was nothing wrong with the writing style, but there was so much more the author could have done with this sotry to make it more cativiating.
I have read several angel books but this one did not work for me.
I didn't really feel that there was much of a story line and I didn't fall in love with the characters.
On a postive note: the author is very good at writing sex scenes, but I was tired of reading them.
By the second one, I was skipping past them to get back to true story and find out what the conflict was going to be.
I feel that the book was more about the sexual chemistry than about a dark angel / human conflict.
Started reading and couldn't believe how bad it was.
Boring, no story line.
Just a disappointment.
Didn't finish reading it.
ok read, once u get into it.... slow start, thought it would be a more developed story... its ok for beginning of a series... characters could have been developed more
I was really intrigued about this premise, and for about the first half of the book I was engaged.
But I felt like there was no tension to keep the story moving forward.
Girl gets angel to help her make ex-boyfriend jealous.
They have lots of sex.
That's pretty much it.
I could have used some conflict in between the sex scenes.
He's a dark angel, I expected more... darkness.
I thought I was right where the book would take off and it ended with the end?
Have to say big let down.
The female character annoyed me so I didn't finish it.
Not worth finishing.
Wish I hadn't got it.
On to the next.
I understand a lot of people reading romance want a good sex scene.
I do too, but I kept waiting for the gist of the plot to kick in and..... end of book.
Very disappointed.
Poor writing and no real story.
Yes it may be free but not worth your time.
I have read a few other books by this author and I'm unimpressed with her writing.
This book was about them having sex, if you ask me.
I was looking for something cleaver and witty.
This was not what I was looking to read about.
Poor writing and no real story.
Yes it may be free but not worth your time.
I have read a few other books by this author and I'm unimpressed with her writing.
This book was about them having sex, if you ask me.
I was looking for something cleaver and witty.
This was not what I was looking to read about.
It's funny how you think you can tell need every you write on my review of as book I can sit add I please give don't tempt me doll face
i don't really know why this book did not grab me, very easy read - didn't push my buttons, seemed to quick and rushed.
This is an okay... quick read!!
It is about an Angel who falls in love with a witch.
The Angel Appolyon has spent centuries guarding Hell waiting for his master to call him.
He is so bored, all he does is watch humans through a "looking pool".
One human in particular...
Serenity.
Serenity is a witch who as been scorned.
Her ex-boyfriend cheated on her and she is summoning vengence... but who does she get instead...
Appolyon.
The way they get back at Edward (the cheating ex-boyfriend) is to show that Serenity is moving on... with Appolyon.
So they put on a show.... but it turns out they they stop pretending.
I usually love her books but this was absolutely terrible and plain painful to read.
Im not even sure how to explain how it could be better.
It just did not work.
However, I am still a fan of hers just as long as i am never subjected to this book or anything like it ever again.
I was looking forward to this book.
I love discovering new authors from the start of their book series free on kindle and then buying everything they have to offer.
And then books like this come along and I'm extatic that the book was free because it was so horrible.
The only thing paranormal about it is the angel bit oh and she's a witch who can snap her fingers and her clothes disappear.
If you're looking for a book of almost all explicit sex scenes then you've found your book!!
If you're looking for a good read with engaging characters who leave you begging for more of their story...
I'd seriously keep looking.
I waited all book to start liking it... didn't happen.
Empty plot, no action to speak of (other then sex of course), and pages you not only couldn't wait for them to be over but ones you actually skip over they're that bad.
I'd keep looking....
I'm glad I read this because I now know that I don't want to read anymore of Her Dark Angel Romance Series books.
At first I thought it was going to be interesting, but as I continued reading, I found it to be mundane, weak, and stupid.
I like paranormal adventures and love stories.
This however was an attempt at soft porn that failed.
The author drew out the love scenes so long that she kept repeating herself.
There was possibility in the story but it fell too short.
i thought this book wasn't good enough. it was too short with no suspense. i like love stories but this one had no complication and was only based on two days? i havn't read any other of her books and i do not think will now i know some people like this sort of story but i only rated it one out of five, it could have been really good it had a good storyline i just did not think it had everythingclaire [australia]
The book is ok at best.
Not worth the thirty minutes it took to read it.
To many changed decisions in such a shot time.
I only read a very small portion of this book, as it was obvious that it was about the supernatural, which I hate.
Some people may like it though.
Luckily I downloaded this for free.
But even still as a novella, I wasn't captivated enough to finish it.
I just could not connect with the main female character which I found to be petty and immature.
The reason the angel comes to her is because she casts a vengeance spell against her ex-boyfriend for cheating on her.
Not exactly a reason to be drawn to someone when her head is so wrapped up in getting back at him.
Premise was petty at best.
This was a freebie Kindle book that should be avoided.
Just avoid and read something else.
Sorry...
This book was simple not good.
There is no real story to enjoy, the characters appear shallow and stupid and the book is full of cheesy lines, like the constant heaven comparisons.
Apologies to the writer but the book feels immature with lots of writing flaws.
OK I get that she wants to write a country romance.
SPOILERS....
Small town girl, hard on her luck, finally hooks up with brother's best friend and fellow seal who've loved each other forever and never said anything.... but I just couldn't like Rhea, or really any of the female characters.
There are girl fights between Rhea and another girl who's such a steriotype of the slutty girl who sleeps with everyone.
They pull hair, throw glasses of water on each other and call each other skank and whore throughout the whole book.
Then there is Duke who is obsessed with Rhea, despite sleeping with the skank, all because she slept with him 3 times because she was lonely "but the third time doesn't count because he fell asleep when she was trying to pull his pants off".
Then when she gets together with her girl friends they drink like fishes, 6 beers each in one episode.
At one point they are so drunk and watching porn movies that they end up half undressed bumping and grinding each other. yuck!
Of course all the seal guys come upstairs to look and to comment on the size of the guy's penis in the porno film.
Come on!
All these girls think about is sex, drinking and getting in drunken fights.
If this is the face of small town america, then we should be worried... very worried!
Add to that her jet black died hair with roots...
I mean what are we supposed to like.
OK yes she loves Chad and can't live without him and he seems nice enough... but basically the story went no where.
Brother dies (Chad comes home and sleeps with her), her mother dies (Chad stays away for 18 months), chad comes home (sex, meets seal brothers, move in together) angst because Chad has to do one last tour of duty (tears alone, tears with friends, tears with Chad, tears with Chad's mother) Chad leaves... end.
No climax, no real end, no real likeable characters.... what's the point?
I needed a quick read for a lazy afternoon and the description of this book seemed to fill the bill.
I would have enjoyed the story except for the repetitively and amazingly misused words (ex: when someone gives you a "rye smile", are they smiling at you as though you're some kind of liquor or perhaps the smile is grainy?).
Perhaps I'm just too picky, but when I have to pause and re-read sentences several times to glean the meaning because of grammar errors or words that don't work in the context, it really destroys my enjoyment of the story.
I understand that there will be an occasional error.
We're all human and things can be overlooked in the proof-reading process.
But the errors in this book were too numerous and too consistent.
I don't understand the five stars given.
I'm trying to continue reading this book, but the grammatical errors and awful story line is making it really hard, the main character is 25 yet speaks like a teenager and acts even more immature.
I thought the word was probably not prolly,no instead of nah.
This book makes me feel like one of those awful reality shows with redneck in the title, who chews tobacco now days? it was gross to picture that.
The author throws name brands like she had never heard of them before and all of a sudden she discovered they exist.
I'm at 14% of the book and as I read I work on this review, we all know the main character has been in love with her brother's best friend, but to repeat it over and over it's getting old super fast.
Her shivers and goosebumps, awful "we drove like that for probably an hour, silent except for small converstion, the radio blaring in between me changing the stations, the entire time our hands joined over the center console, never parting."
This is one of the worst paragraphs I've read.
I will try and finish this awfully written book just because I started it, but it won't be in one sitting that's for sure!
This is supposed to be a series, I hope the author thinks her story line better for the next books or better yet, end it with this one.
When the AUTHOR spells the heroine's name two different ways throughout the book, you KNOW you have a convolutedmess!
I kept thinking the story would develop...
WRONG!
Pass this one up..... even if it's free!
No buildup, suspense, or resolution.
Poorly written.
No true character development.
The plot is sloppy and hurried without any real action.
I wouldn't recommend it.
The story idea was okay, but it was poorly written.
Incorrect words were used time and time again making it very difficult to read.
Don't waste your time on this one.
This was one of the few books I've read that I actually enjoyed BOTH main characters.
I loved that the author not only wrote from Rhea's perspective but also gave Chad's in some chapters.
It was easy to imagine their actions with the author's vivid descriptions & she made me feel the love, laughter, & pain that those characters endured.
I can't wait to find out what's in store in book two!
And it pulls on my heartstrings knowing that while I'm sitting on my butt enjoying this great read our brave men & women of our military fight to keep me free.
So thank you Miss Hewitt for donating the profits to the Wounded Warrior Project!
I'm rather confused as to how this book has so many good reviews.
Do I like this idea of a story line?
Yes, absolutely.
I love military stories.
The soldier who faces danger and sees the horrors of the world, then comes home to find the love of his life waiting for him.
Do I think this story actually works for it?
No, not at all.
It bothers me when people try to write stories about the military and yet basically have no knowledge of them.
I'm sorry but when some guy is harrassing a NAVY SEALS girl, guess what, chances are the other guy is going to get his a** kicked, and kicked hard.
I also don't understand how throughout the entire story this guy "Duke" is harrassing Rhea, the cops are never involved.
Trust me, once you've made a scene in public, the police are involved.
Never once, however is there a mention of the police.
The characters are beyond immature... every single one of them.
They all basically still live in High School, calling each other names and throwing glasses of water at each other.
I could not connect in any way to them.
As for the actual story, I just couldn't wrap my head around what the author was trying to do.
I understand that this was the "background" story, but it was way to much useless information and I found myself skipping full pages at a time because I was so bored.
Needless to say, I will not be getting the rest of this series.
This book is really difficult to rate.
I love my military wife life and for that reason I really wanted to give the book a shot.
I am also all for encouraging new writers, but this book has never seen an editor's touch.
Have the book should have been deleted.
Idea might have been noble but I felt like trailer trash reading this book.
Ugh!
I couldn't read past the few first chapters.
Awful, I really would have love to support author.
Reality is I might never read another of her books.
Best of luck with future writings, hope it dramatically improves.
This author needs to retake Basic Composition!
Apparently, there is also a shortage of good editors, as the book is full of misspelled words, misused words, and run on sentences.
The story was interesting, if you could ignore the lack of basic writing skills.
This was luckily free.
So many wrong words and editting errors that the book is unreadable.
Seriously, the Review Title above was used by the author to refer to the Chippendale dancers!
Does she not use the internet to fact check?
Did not finishing.
Simply put this book was just PERFECT!
I appreciated the character development as well as how beautifully.
Ms. Hewitt crafted the perspectives of the main characters to create such an entralling story.
Just the perfect blend of wit; humor; anger; romance and expectation.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT and I'm looking forward to reading part two and more of the other seals in this series.
You're an exceptional writer.
My only issue- I would of loved the love scenes to be more descriptive and spicy but as it is it didn't detract from the story.
Don't hesitate start this series Now.
Happy Reading!
Poorly written, weak/predictable story line, shallow characters.
It didn't take long to realise I wasted my money on this one.
I almost always can get into a book, but not one with obvious, stupid errors.
When they were at the cabin, Chad told Rhea that Bobby was the only SEAL who didn't know Randy, but when he's remembering his old missions, he mentions Bobby and Randy working together.
Are the readers believed to be dumb, or is it just stupidity on the part of the writer?
Plus, if this book couldn't be predicted right down to the confrontations with what's-his-name ex-hookup, then maybe I'm just to critical
This book is certainly worth what I paid for it.... nothing.
Poor writing, bad grammar, cartoon characters, ridiculous story.
I like finding new authors but this is so bad, I hope I can forget this one
Again, I must wonder at why so many others gave this five stars.
It reads more like a poorly worded diary than a story.
So many elements of a good story are missing.
This is also paired along with the inability to use proper grammar and sentence structure.
It reminds me more of something written by a teenager, especially with the way the characters react to situations.
I would suggest reviewing elements of a story and also making use of having others going over it with a fine-toothed comb looking for improper words and run-on sentences.
When self-publishing there is little excuse for not taking the time to work and rework the book.
There is nothing wrong with doing many drafts before arriving the the final draft.
Unfortunately I'll side with the lower reviews here.
A oddly annoying, inconsistent and strange reading experience.
It goes on and on about so many little things and then nothing more comes of most of it.
While I'm almost curious to see what happens when chad comes home, I'm going to resist the second book.
The concept, characters, and writing aren't bad, but the book has so many grammatical and usage errors that it is annoying.
I understand that not everyone can be Hemingway or Shakespeare, but there is no real excuse to release any novel that has this many errors.
Hire an editor, a proofreader, or just ask a literate friend or relative for assistance.
I suspected that there was going to be a problem with this book when I noted that the first word was mispelled- Prologue was incorrectly spelled, and in very large print so it stood out.
Ten minutes into the book and I knew that I was right- definitely not worth reading, and I did not continue.
Don't waste your time!
Amazing book!
Suspenseful, thrilling, and very romantic!
ICan not wait to read the next book in this wonderful series!
I suspected that there was going to be a problem with this book when I noted that the first word was mispelled- Prologue was incorrectly spelled, and in very large print so it stood out.
Ten minutes into the book and I knew that I was right- definitely not worth reading, and I did not continue.
Don't waste your time!
Amazing book!
Suspenseful, thrilling, and very romantic!
ICan not wait to read the next book in this wonderful series!
I absolutely loved it.
I found it a good mixture of real and fun.
I wished i had two weeks with a SEAL myself after reading this book.
I am a sucker for a man in uniform.
It was a great love story that took me by the hand and lead me to the other book.
Not much of a story behind the title.
The author is to focused on how much sex this woman has with her SEAL in the two weeks they are together.
Expected more of an insight as how life is with a SEAL.
Very disappointing.
The title is somewhat deceiving.
Did not use the rating "I hate it", but sure did not care for the book.
I want two weeks with a SEAL.
This book was great had me happy and sad then happy again.
I fell in love with all the charters well not all but that's the way this book was meant to be.
It was a great read and I think more should read it.
The writing was so bad I couldn't finish it, and I normally finish all books I start.
Don't waste your time.
I do not write a lot of reviews but reading some of the other negative reviews on here that seem to pop right up when I hit this book..... really pissed me off enough to write!!!
I am constantly looking for new stories and discovering new authors and I lucked out when I found this series.
I was hooked from the first couple of chapters.
I love books that have adults finally coming together after been in love since they were kids.
It's called romance people... and if you don't like it then maybe you should try another genre.
I was emotionally drawn in and invested to these 2 people and then their extended family.
It broke my heart at times and made me laugh my ass off in others.
Every book isn't for everyone and I get that, but to rip into this book and this author is in bad taste in my opinion.
This author, thankfully I know has won over more loving fans than ones that harshly criticized this book.
And like me are anxiously awaiting the 3rd book to this series at this very moment.
I have recommended this series and shared it with many co workers who also appreciate wonderful and heart squeezing romance.
We want the love, the pain, the tears and the hot scenes when they do get together.
And yes some women out here in America do enjoy the steamy love scenes.
This was a beautiful love story of two people overcoming heartache and fear and learn to be strong enough and believe enough in their love to get through the obstacles that come their way.